Agoda Personal Information Protection Policy
Detailed content
This Personal Information Protection Policy ("Policy") aims to explain how Peiliang Network Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (contact address: Room 1601, No. 288 Jiujiang Road, Huangpu District, Shanghai) (hereinafter referred to as "Agoda", "Anka", "we") collects, uses, and shares your information when you visit the www.agoda.cn website and the mobile application (including mini programs) called "Agoda Anka" (collectively referred to as the "Platform"), interact with the Platform, or connect with the Platform through other means (such as contacting our customer service team through online chat or email). The overview of this policy is as follows. You can view the full text of this policy, or click on the link or overview table to view details.
To avoid ambiguity, for the purpose of this policy only, "China" refers to the mainland region of the People's Republic of China, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan region.
1. Information collection
We may collect information about you, such as your name, phone number, email address, and bank card information, through your use of the Agoda platform.
2. Use of Information
We may use your information to provide services as requested, maintain and improve the Agoda platform, and send you marketing messages.
3. Share your information
We will share your information with suppliers, service providers, and our affiliated companies.
4. Privacy rights in specific countries/regions
Depending on the country/region where you reside, you may have the right to request relevant information from us, including how we share certain categories of information about you with third parties.
5.       Cookies
We will use cookies and similar technologies to help provide Agoda platform services, understand your preferences, provide customized services, and display relevant advertising content.
6. Personalized recommendations
We will display products that we believe are suitable for you or rank them high based on your historical data. You can also choose to turn off 'personalized recommendations' in your account settings.
7. Sending and unsubscribing marketing information
Based on your choice, we may send you marketing messages through different methods (such as email, SMS, message notifications). You can choose to unsubscribe through the "unsubscribe" link or opt out mechanism in the marketing communication channel, or through your account settings to stop receiving Agoda marketing messages.
8. Cross border transfer of data
We provide appropriate cross-border transfer protection for international data transmission in accordance with legal requirements.
9. Information from other partners
We may collect information from affiliated companies, business partners, or other third-party providers, and you may choose not to participate in such information collection.
10. Safety
We take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information, and also require our service providers to ensure the security of your information.
11. Your Rights
You have the right to request, correct, delete, or restrict the processing of personal information.
12. Update
We will inform you of any significant changes by releasing an updated version of this policy and taking other necessary measures.
13. Third party links
We may provide links to third-party platforms. These links are not owned or controlled by us and are subject to separate user terms and personal information protection statements.
14. Other precautions
Information related to minors, policy language, and service terms.
15. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this policy or overview, please contact us.
The information we collect
Personal information refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety, including biometric, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health information, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. We will prominently mark specific sensitive personal information in bold in this policy.
We collect information related to you that you provide when using the Agoda platform and/or services. The personal information covered in this policy includes:
Personal basic information, such as name, phone number, email address
Network identity information, such as Agoda account and IP address
Personal property information, such as bank account number, order information
Personal commonly used device information, such as hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, device ID (such as IMEI, SIM card IMSI information, etc.), which describes the basic information of personal commonly used devices
Personal location information, such as itinerary information, precise positioning information, accommodation information
How do we use the collected information
This chapter introduces the details of our collection and use of your personal information under this policy.
In order to provide Agoda platform services to you, we need to collect and use your personal information to achieve the following functions:
Registration: When you register as a member of the Agoda platform, you need to provide at least your personal basic information (such as name, phone number, email) to create your Agoda account.
Service booking: When you use our accommodation booking service, you need to provide at least your Agoda account, the personal basic information of the check-in person (including name, phone number, email, nationality/place of residence), and accommodation information (including the name of the accommodation hotel, check-in and check-out time).
If you provide us with detailed information of guests other than yourself when making a reservation, or if you are booking on behalf of someone else, it is your responsibility to ensure that the personal information you provide has been approved by that person and
The individual has agreed and accepted Agoda's use of personal information as described in this policy.
Email notification
If you have not completed the online booking, we will send a prompt to remind you to continue with the booking. We believe this additional service will be helpful for you, allowing you to continue booking without having to search or fill in order information again.
Please note that the booking confirmation letter, SMS notification, and guest review email sent to you after completing the reservation do not constitute marketing information, but rather the complete process of booking hotel accommodation. These email notifications contain information about your hotel stay and a link to submit a review after check-out. If you set up unsubscribe from our marketing messages, you will still receive such email notifications. Similarly, choosing to receive price reminders will not affect your other choices regarding receiving our information. After selecting to receive price reminders, you can also choose to stop receiving price reminders by clicking on "Turn off price reminders" or similar information you see in the received price reminders.
If you have selected the "Combination Booking" discounted price but may have only completed a portion of the booking (such as booking only one room instead of all the rooms included in the "Combination Booking" discounted price), we may send you an email notification to confirm whether you have selected the "Combination Booking" discounted price and remind you to book other rooms included in the "Combination Booking" discounted price. This type of email notification is an integral part of the "combination booking" discount booking process to confirm your selected room rate and room, and to avoid missing any of the rooms. In addition, we will send you an email notification before check-in, reminding you that you need to change rooms during your stay.
As mentioned above, when booking for others, you can also choose to fill in the guest's email address so that the guest receives a booking confirmation letter and a separate review invitation email notification.
Payment: When you make payment for the service, you can choose to complete the payment with a bank card or through a third-party payment institution that cooperates with Agoda. Depending on the specific payment method, we may require you to provide personal property information (including electronic wallet account number, bank card number, expiration date, opening bank, and other necessary payment information) to complete the payment process.
Customer service and after-sales: If you need to contact our customer service team or communicate with us through other means (such as social media or through our accommodation), you need to provide your Agoda account, order information, personal basic information (such as name, phone number, email), and other information so that we can verify your identity and provide after-sales service. For the purposes of handling claims, training, and detecting fraud, we may listen to or record your conversations with our customer service team in real-time. If you don't want your call to be recorded, you can hang up immediately after being informed. Call records will only be retained for a limited period of time and will be automatically deleted afterwards, unless Agoda has reason to retain such recordings for a longer period of time (including for anti fraud investigations and compliance purposes).
Security guarantee: To ensure the stability and security of your use of Agoda platform and services, prevent your information from being stolen, and more accurately prevent fraud, we need to collect your device information (including hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, device ID (such as IMEI, SIM card IMSI information, etc.)), IP address, personal location information, country/region, and search preferences related to specific searches to identify whether you are a real natural person user, whether you are logging in from an abnormal location, determine your account risks, and investigate possible risks. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to protect your services and account security during your use of the Agoda platform and services.
Legal compliance: We will process your personal information when exercising the rights or obligations granted or required by law (including responding to requests or legal requirements).
Algorithms and Machine Learning: As stated in our terms of use, we may deploy tools that utilize algorithms and machine learning to provide, improve, and develop our services (including predictive analytics tools and tools that utilize generative artificial intelligence algorithms to generate new content). These tools may use your relevant data. In some cases, deploying such tools may require you to avoid entering personally identifiable information. We will deploy and utilize these tools in accordance with applicable laws and relevant regulations.
Our following extended features may collect and use your personal information. These extended features include:
Location based automatic city selection and personalized recommendation function: After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your location information to determine your location, automatically select the city you are in to save you from manually entering your location information, and automatically recommend nearby accommodation hotels for you. You can stop our collection of your geographic location information by disabling the location function.
Schedule reminder function based on read-write calendar: You can use this function to manage your travel event reminders.
The function of uploading and saving images based on photo albums, images, and media databases: With your authorization and consent, you can use this function to upload your photos for various accommodation order reviews or save images.
Quick call function based on calling and making phone calls: After obtaining your authorization and consent, you can use this function to facilitate your contact with customer service.
External storage based storage function: With your authorization and consent, you can use this function to expand the data storage space of mobile applications.
Based on device information screening and identification of abnormal accounts: You need to enable the mobile status permission of your device. We will obtain one or more pieces of information from your phone number, device information (including IMEI, IMSI, SIM card serial number, device MAC address), and network type based on the permission to screen and identify suspicious accounts, in order to protect your interests as a consumer.
Troubleshooting function based on mobile phone status, network connection optimization, or advertising function: You can enable this function to help us identify your device information, improve the analysis and problem-solving efficiency of possible order or mobile application failures in certain situations, improve network connection speed based on connected carrier networks, or conduct corresponding advertising based on user device information.
Push notification permission based push function: You can
Enable this feature on your phone to receive notifications from the Agoda mobile app;
Network access function based on wireless data permissions: You can choose to enable this permission to ensure network connectivity for Agoda mobile applications.
The above extension functions may require you to grant us corresponding device permissions on your device. By granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with the corresponding extension functions. Once you revoke any permission, you cancel the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor can we provide you with the extension functions corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
You can choose to provide certain personal information in the following scenarios:
The name you added in the Agoda account settings, the binding mailbox information provided in the binding mailbox function, the related information of the bound account provided in the binding account function (such as WeChat, Alipay, etc.), and the shared information uploaded by you or others that shows your current or past geographical location.
Comment function: If you submit or post a review about your accommodation or other additional services provided by Agoda platform through Agoda platform or other means, we may collect the information contained in your review, including your personal basic information (such as name, country/region of residence). Please be cautious when posting your comment information to avoid improper disclosure of your or others' personal information, even sensitive personal information. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of minors, you need to obtain authorization and consent from the minors or their guardians before publishing.
Service Information: You can decide whether to participate in our referral program or other promotional offers and receive such marketing emails or service information. By participating, you agree to provide us with personal information (including name, date of birth, address, phone number, email).
User Experience: To enhance the user experience, when you visit the Agoda platform, we may automatically collect your personal information, including your IP address, personal location information (such as geographic data), country/region, search preferences related to specific searches, browser, and information about your device operating system, application version, language settings, and pages already displayed to you.
Participate in Agoda cashback reward program: If you choose to participate in Agoda cashback reward program, you need to voluntarily provide the bank card account information used to collect the cashback.
If you participate in our survey or provide us with relevant information on the Agoda platform or other platforms you may visit, we will collect additional information that you voluntarily provide to us.
Obtaining your personal information from third parties: We may collect and use your personal information from our affiliated companies and business partners within the scope of your authorized consent. Our accommodation partners may share your information with us (for example, if you have questions about the booking being processed or if there is a dispute over your booking). When you use our business partner's booking service, we may receive some information such as your name and booking information, including the accommodation information booked, in order to process your booking and identify which channel your booking came from. We will use your personal information within the scope of your consent to our business partners in accordance with the law. Please read our business partner's personal information protection policy and user agreement in detail.
Agoda Event Project
If you participate in Agoda's promotional activities, we may need to collect specific information from the hotel accommodation you stay at. Please refer to the terms of the activity you are participating in for information collection. When you make a reservation, our system will record the channels and third-party platform sources you used during the booking process. We may also collect certain information through cookies, tags, and similar technologies, as detailed below.
Communication within Agoda platform
We provide various ways for you and accommodation partners to communicate about accommodation and existing bookings through the Agoda platform. If you have any questions about booking or accommodation, you can contact us through the Agoda platform and other channels we may provide.
We may access communication information and use automated systems to review, scan, and analyze it for security reasons; Preventing fraud; Comply with legal and regulatory requirements; Investigate potential misconduct; Develop and improve products; Research; Engage with customers, including providing you with information and discounts that we believe may be of interest to you; Provide customer service or technical support. We have the right to prevent the delivery or review of communication information, and we may decide and believe that such communication information may contain malicious content, spam, or may pose a risk to you, our accommodation partners, us, or others. Please note that all communication information sent or received using Agoda platform's communication tools will be received and stored by us. Suppliers and other business partners may choose to communicate directly with you through email or other channels beyond our control.
Share your information
Regarding your access to the Agoda platform and use of our services, we may share your information with the following parties. You can send an email to privacy@agoda.com And please indicate "China Privacy Request" in the subject line of the email to obtain relevant information about third-party personal information processors to whom we share your personal information:
Travel suppliers - such as accommodation providers (such as the specific accommodation you requested to book) and/or third-party accommodation providers (such as com), airlines, car rental, insurance, and event (if any) providers, in order for you to complete your booking. These suppliers may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you in order to confirm and complete your booking, including communicating with you about booking matters before arrival or responding to your submitted review in accordance with their relevant personal information protection policies.
Third party service providers - provide us with data processing services (such as virtual hosting) or conduct personal information processing for credit card and payment processing, business analysis, customer service, marketing, or survey distribution to facilitate the delivery and delivery of online services based on your preferences
Report to and/or anti fraud service providers. Our third-party service providers only process information necessary to achieve their functions and may not share or use information for any other purpose.
Business partners - collaborate with us to provide products or services, or offer their products or services on the Agoda platform, or offer Agoda's products or services on their platform. When the product or service you request involves third-party business partners, we will share your personal information with these partners as needed to provide the service you request. Business partners' services include third-party loyalty reward programs, such as earning points through bookings.
We may obtain your authorized third-party account information (avatar, nickname, and other information prompted on the authorization page) from third parties, and after you agree to this policy, bind your third-party account with your Agoda account, so that you can directly log in and use the Agoda platform through the third-party account. We will use your personal information based on agreements with third parties and after confirming the legality of the source of your personal information, in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. You can also use your phone number to quickly log in, and we will provide your network information to the operator to complete registration or login.
Our affiliated companies - When our affiliated company employees need to know or obtain this information for the following purposes, they must obtain our permission in advance: to provide you with the services you request (including customer service); Conduct internal (audit/compliance) investigations; Detecting, preventing, and investigating fraudulent transactions and/or activities, other illegal activities, and data breaches; And/or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable laws. We will also share your personal information (including Agoda account and password, personal basic information (such as phone number, email)) with our affiliated companies to enhance your user experience when accessing and using the Agoda platform.
Legal requirements or permits - to protect us from legal liability, respond to subpoenas, judicial proceedings, warrants, and other lawful requests to cooperate with law enforcement officials or governments; Cooperate with legal needs to investigate fraud or other illegal activities when necessary; Protect our legitimate rights and interests or disclose personal information to any buyer who purchases, transfers, or trades all or part of our business or company. We may also disclose personal information in accordance with applicable laws to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of our services, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Agoda, users, and other related parties.
Business restructuring - including any sale, transfer, or transaction of our business operations, or the transfer of our services to other suppliers. If required by applicable laws, we will seek your consent.
Unless otherwise agreed in this policy or permitted by applicable laws, we will not disclose your information to third parties without your consent. We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
After obtaining your explicit consent;
Legal Disclosure: We may publicly disclose your personal information in the event of legal, procedural, litigation, or mandatory requirements from government authorities.
Privacy rights in specific countries/regions
If you use the Agoda platform outside of China, please refer to the "Specific Country/Region Privacy Rights" section of Agoda.com's privacy policy to view any special or additional regulations that may apply to your country or region.
Cookies
Agoda platform may use and allow third parties to place cookies (temporary and permanent), pixels/tags, SDKs and application interfaces ("APIs"), and other tracking technologies (collectively referred to as "cookies") to collect and store your relevant data. Some of these cookies are necessary for providing, protecting, and maintaining the basic functions of the Agoda platform, such as ensuring your login status when accessing the Agoda platform, while others are used to provide you with a better user experience, such as:
By recording your operational behavior and information on the Agoda platform (such as the language or login information you choose), we aim to make the Agoda platform more in line with your habits and preferences. We may also use cookies in conjunction with other automatically collected usage information to identify users on different devices, sessions, or browsers (including when users are not logged into their accounts) and provide them with customized information. You can choose to turn off "personalized recommendations" in your account settings, and Agoda will no longer provide you with customized information after turning it off.
Perform platform analysis, such as generating data reports on display volume, statistics, and user preferences, which may include recording mouse clicks, movements, page scrolling, and restricted text entered into Agoda platform forms through selected third-party inputs. We will take sufficient preventive measures (such as irreversible masking techniques) to ensure that your personal information is not collected during the recording process. Platform analysis is only used to improve Agoda platform and services;
Provide advertisements and information that are suitable for you. Agoda will integrate the data collected through cookies with usage data from specific browsers or associated computers or mobile devices to optimize services and provide you with customized Agoda communication information and advertising. If you do not want Agoda to optimize customized content by integrating information, please unsubscribe from Agoda news (such as promotional emails). You can choose to unsubscribe from relevant marketing information at any time through the "unsubscribe" link in marketing emails or communication messages, or change your subscription settings in your Agoda account settings, which can be found in "Account Information".
Personalized recommendations
The Agoda platform displays the most suitable products (such as hotels) at the top based on your past search history, booking history, and other historical data. To showcase products/services that may be of interest to you, we collect and use your browsing and search history when accessing or using the Agoda platform to predict your preference characteristics, and display and present personalized content to you on the Agoda platform based on your preference characteristics. You can choose to turn off "personalized recommendations" in your account settings. After turning it off, Agoda will no longer provide you with recommendations that match your preferences
Information display and search results/sorting.
Sending and unsubscribing marketing information
Based on your choice, we may send or push marketing information related to our products or services to you through email, SMS, message notifications (if you have installed Agoda platform), and personalized advertisements on third-party platforms. If you do not wish to receive such marketing information, you can use the "unsubscribe" link or opt out mechanism in the marketing information content or marketing channels at any time, or operate through your account settings (depending on the marketing communication channel you want to unsubscribe from).
Cross border transfer of data
We usually store and process your information on servers/data centers within and/or outside of China (depending on your IP address when accessing the Agoda platform). We will also transfer your information to third parties outside of China (i.e. overseas recipients), as detailed below.
Overseas recipient name: Agoda Company Pte. Ltd
Overseas recipient's contact information: privacy@agoda.com
The scope of personal information for outbound travel: name, phone number, email address, social media account, network identifier, transaction and consumption records, and browsing history
The processing purpose of the overseas recipient: (i) to fulfill the relevant service contract between the company and the user; (ii) Provide convenience for the operation of the platform through internal analysis of global business and subsequent development of existing products; (iii) The after-sales teams located in Malaysia and Thailand (considering Agoda's centralized operation and business model) Agoda International (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. and Agoda Service Co. Ltd. provide after-sales services to Chinese users; (iv) Provide Chinese users with access to Agoda's overseas websites; (v) Based on the analysis and processing of global business and transactions conducted by overseas entities, provide personalized and high-quality services for individual users; (vi) Conduct product placement, transaction facilitation, and management for transactions reached through the platform; (vii) Provide products and services, product management, internal analysis (including product development), personalization, business development, marketing (including targeted advertising), promotion, surveys and lotteries, advertising (including personalized advertising) and public relations related to Agoda's business activities, products or services; (VIII) Legal affairs, including compliance with legal obligations and standards, as well as internal policies and processes; (ix) Security and fraud detection and prevention
Handling methods for overseas recipients: storage, use, transmission, provision, and deletion
We will provide appropriate protection for such transmissions as required by applicable laws (such as signing strict data protection agreements with us, requiring the recipient to process your personal information in accordance with our requirements, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures), to prohibit the recipient from using your information for other purposes, and to ensure the security and confidentiality of your information.
Information from other partners
In some cases, marketing partners, business partners, or other third-party suppliers may provide us with information. For example, if you access or log in to the Agoda platform through a social media account (such as WeChat), your information may be collected (such as your username and other information provided to us through such services). For example, when there are updates to your payment card information stored in our system, your credit card issuer may provide us with the updated information through Visa or Mastercard. Generally speaking, the reason why you can provide such information is through the service provider itself, and you can change the relevant settings in the account settings of the relevant service provider. In summary, through collaboration with relevant partners, we will utilize this information to improve your Agoda platform user experience. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy and cookie policies of any third-party services you use.
How to disable this feature, Agoda has designed a simple operation for you: you can choose to disable it by switching the "no" option on (i) the thank you page after completing the reservation or (ii) the booking management page. If you need any assistance, please feel free to contact our customer service team at any time.
Personal Information Security
Agoda attaches great importance to the security of your personal information. We promise to implement appropriate, specific, electronic, and standardized security measures to protect your information from accidental or illegal destruction, loss, tampering, unauthorized disclosure, or illegal use. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol technology to encrypt your personal information (including bank card information) during the transaction process. Through your personal account, you can also save bank card information to speed up the subsequent booking and payment process. Your bank card information has been encrypted, and you can log in to your personal account at any time to delete, modify, or add specific bank card information. For safety reasons, the bank card number cannot be modified (but other information can be deleted). When viewing bank card information, only the last 4 digits of the card number will be displayed. Please note that when making a reservation, we will store the last 4 digits of the bank card number in a secure and confidential manner (for processing subsequent refund requests).
Security incidents
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant information of the incident through email, letter, phone, and other means. If it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to issue announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Information retention
We will retain your information for the necessary period of time to achieve the purposes outlined in this policy. When Agoda no longer requires the use of your information, we will remove it from our systems and records and/or take measures to appropriately anonymize it so that your identity is no longer recognized, unless we need to retain your information to comply
Applicable legal or regulatory obligations or to complete business operations and achieve our business objectives.
Your rights
By logging into your account on the Agoda platform, you can easily change your account name, guest name (depending on the actual cancellation policy of the booked accommodation), and contact phone number at any time. Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, you can also use the customer service page or send an email to privacy@agoda.com Contact us to exercise any of the following rights:
Permission: You have the right to access your personal basic information and personal identification information stored by us in accordance with applicable laws at any time, without any charge. You also have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information. Subject to compliance with relevant legal regulations and technical feasibility, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information upon your request. However, in special circumstances, if permitted by applicable law, we may require you to pay a reasonable fee before providing the information. You can also log in to your account to access your personal information.
Correction: You can request us to correct any incomplete or incorrect personal information of you.
Delete: You can request us to delete your personal information in the following situations:
If our handling of personal information violates laws, regulations or this policy;
If we collect and use your personal information without your consent, or if you withdraw your consent;
If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
If we no longer provide you with products or services, or if the retention period has expired; or
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Automatic decision processing limitations: In some business functions, we may provide personalized services to you based on non-human automatic decision-making mechanisms. If you have any questions, you can contact us.
Objection: You can object to the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes at any time.
Change of Consent Scope: You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of any processing based on that consent prior to its withdrawal.
Account cancellation: You can cancel your account. After you cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products and services, and at your request, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
Transfer: You can request us to transfer the personal information we hold to another personal information processor designated by you. We will review your request, and if it meets the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, we will provide a means of transfer in accordance with the law.
Request for Explanation: You have the right to request us to provide explanations and clarifications on the personal information processing rules that are unclear or not fully covered by this policy. Please contact us through the contact information provided in this policy.
To ensure the security of your personal information, we need to verify your identity before responding to such requests and will reply to your request within thirty (30) days or other time frame required by applicable laws. In some cases, we may not be able to allow you to access certain personal information (such as linking your personal information to someone else's personal information, or for legal reasons). In this case, we will explain to you the reason why you are unable to obtain this information. We may also refuse your request to delete or correct personal information for legal reasons, especially those that affect our accounting processes, claim processing, fraud detection or prevention, and mandatory data retention, which may be prohibited from deletion or anonymization.
to update
Agoda may sometimes make modifications to this policy based on changes in laws, personal information collection and usage policies, changes in Agoda platform content, or technological updates. If the modifications we make change the way we collect or use your information, all changes will be posted on this policy page. Meanwhile, the effective date of this policy will be indicated at the top of the policy page. Therefore, it is recommended that you frequently review this policy to understand our latest policies and operational procedures. Agoda will also clearly indicate the changes before implementing new policies, and if required by applicable laws, we will seek your consent.
Third party platform link
We may provide links to third-party platforms that are not owned or controlled by us ("Third Party Platforms"). When you access a third-party platform through an online link, you are required to comply with the platform's personal information security regulations, which may differ from those of the Agoda platform. Before providing any information on third-party platforms linked to, please carefully review their personal information protection policies, terms of service, and security regulations.
Other precautions
Special Tips for Minors
The Agoda platform is not designed for minors under the age of 18, but minors can generally stay in the booked accommodation with their parents or legal guardians, except in cases where certain accommodation policies prohibit minors from staying.
We do not actively collect any information from minors under the age of 18. If we discover that we have accidentally collected personal information of children without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents or legal guardians in advance, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
language
This policy is written in Chinese and translated into other language versions for your convenience. If there is any discrepancy between the original text and the translated version, the Chinese version shall prevail.
Service Terms
Please refer to the Agoda Terms of Service for more information on using the Agoda platform. This policy is an integral part of the terms of service.
contact us
If you have any questions about our personal information protection policy, you can send an email to privacy@agoda.com Or call+86 4008 218 877 to contact Agoda for assistance.
