Your privacy is our top priority. Although all statements emphasize this point, we are indeed treating your personal information with a responsible attitude. We also greatly appreciate your use of Booking.com's services and value your trust in us. That is to say, we are committed to protecting and safeguarding the security of your personal data. We take corresponding measures for the benefit of our clients and maintain transparency in your personal data processing procedures.
If you have used our services before, you will know that Booking.com provides online travel related services through its own website, mobile app, and other online platforms such as partner websites and social media. We hereby declare that all the information you are about to refer to will apply to all of these platforms.
In fact, this single privacy statement applies to any type of customer information we collect from all of the aforementioned platforms or any other means related to the platforms.
Privacy Statement for Business Partners
We may update this privacy statement from time to time, so we recommend that you check this page frequently to ensure that you understand your rights. If any updates to this privacy statement would have a significant impact on you, we will notify you of these updates before starting any new activities.
The terms we use in our privacy statement
Travel 'refers to various travel products and services that you can order, inquire about, purchase, pay for, rent, provide, book, combine, or complete from travel suppliers.
Travel provider 'refers to accommodation providers (such as hotels, motels, apartments, bed and breakfast hotels, landlords), scenic spots (such as theme parks, museums, sightseeing tours), transportation providers (such as car rental, cruise ships, rail transportation, airport pick-up, bus tours, pick-up), tour operators, travel insurance, and any other travel or related products or services that periodically provide travel bookings on the platform.
Travel services' refer to online purchasing, booking, (assisting) payment, or booking services provided or enabled by Booking.com, related to different products and services offered by travel providers on the platform from time to time.
Travel booking "refers to the process of placing, purchasing, paying, booking, or making an appointment for a trip.
What personal data does Booking.com collect?
Without relevant information, we cannot help you book a perfect trip, so when you use our services, we will ask you to provide certain information. These pieces of information will be some general information, such as your name, preferred contact information, names of people traveling with you, and your payment information. You may also decide on your own whether to submit additional information for your next trip (such as your estimated arrival time).
In addition, we also collect information from the computers, phones, tablets, or other devices you use to access our services. This also includes the IP address, browser you are using, and language settings. We sometimes collect your relevant information from others or automatically collect other information.
The above is a rough explanation. If you would like to further understand the information we collect, we provide you with a more detailed explanation below.
Read more about the personal data information we collect
Why does Booking.com collect and use your personal data?
The main purpose of requiring you to provide personal information is to help you manage online travel orders and ensure that you receive the desired service.
We also use the personal information you provide to contact you about the latest promotions, special events, and other products or services that we believe you may be interested in. There are also other uses at the same time. For more information, please refer to the detailed instructions.
Check the reasons why Booking.com collects your data
How does Booking.com share your data information with third parties?
For different purposes, Booking.com's services involve collaborations with various third parties in different forms. The main purpose is to share your travel related information with travel providers in order to complete your travel booking.
We also invite other parties to provide you with Booking.com services. For example, this includes financial institutions, advertisers, subsidiaries of the Booking.com group, and other companies within the Booking Holdings Inc. group. Alternatively, in certain circumstances, if required by law, we may share your data with the government or other authoritative institutions.
The following will provide a detailed explanation of how we will use and share the information you provide with other parties.
Refer to more information on how to share data with third parties
How does Booking Holdings Inc. share your personal data within the group?
Booking.com is a subsidiary of Booking Holdings Inc. Continue reading to learn more about the internal sharing of your data within the Booking Holdings Inc. group.
Refer to more information on data usage within Booking Holdings Inc.
Is your personal data shared and further processed in ground transportation services?
Booking.com and Rentalcars.com - also part of the Booking Holdings Inc. group of companies - jointly use your data to provide ground transportation services to you through the Booking.com website and apps (such as cars. booking. com or taxi. booking. com). View more information to understand our shared scope of responsibility and the nature of our limited liability.
Refer to more data and information related to ground transportation services
How will your personal data be shared and further processed to obtain insurance services?
We have different partners when providing insurance services. Learn how to use and share your data for insurance purposes and understand the responsibilities of all parties involved through the following link.
View more data and information related to insurance products and services
How does Booking.com handle the communication between you and the travel provider you have booked through Booking.com
Information exchange?
Booking.com can help you exchange information and requests about services and existing travel bookings with travel providers through the Booking.com platform. If you would like to learn more about how Booking.com receives and processes this information exchange, please continue reading here.
Refer to more information on how to handle such communication
How does Booking.com utilize mobile devices?
We offer a free app and collect and process personal data information from mobile devices. The collection and processing methods are roughly the same as those on our website, but these apps also allow you to benefit from the location services provided on your mobile device.
Refer to more information on how to use data from mobile devices
How does Booking.com utilize social media?
Social media may be integrated into Booking.com's services in different ways. This will involve us collecting some of your personal data or social media providers accepting some of your information. We do not use WhatsApp or similar third-party services to request booking or payment confirmation.
Refer to more information about how we use social media
What secure storage processes does Booking.com adopt to protect your personal data?
We can also implement a series of real-time processes to prevent unauthorized access and misuse of the personal data we process.
Learn more about secure storage processes
How does Booking.com handle children's personal data?
Unless otherwise stated, Booking.com only provides services to teenagers over the age of 18. We only process information about children with the consent of parents or legal guardians, or when the information is shared with us by parents or legal guardians.
Refer to more information about our collection of personal data from children under 18 years old
How to manage personal data submitted to Booking.com?
Your rights include the right to view the personal data we store about you at any time, and the right to request access or deletion of your personal data by submitting this form. For more information about your right to manage personal data, please continue reading.
Refer to more information about how you can manage your personal data
Who is responsible for handling personal data on the Booking.com website and app?
Booking.com B.V., located in Amsterdam, Netherlands, controls the processing of personal data for the provision of its services. This includes its website and mobile app, with some exceptions specified in this privacy statement.
Refer to more information about Booking.com B.V.'s responsibility for personal data
According to the special terms of the country/region
According to the laws applicable to you, we may need to provide some additional information. If applicable, you can find more information about your country or region below.
Learn more about country/region specific terms and conditions
What personal data does Booking.com collect?
We understand that you are looking for more in-depth information. This is some information we have collected.
The personal data you share with us
Booking.com will collect and use the information you provide to us. When booking a trip, we (at least) require you to provide your name and email address.
Depending on the nature of your travel order, we may also require you to provide information such as your home address, phone number, payment information, date of birth, current location (in the case of on-demand services), names of accompanying personnel, and some of your preferences when choosing to travel (such as dietary and accessibility requirements). In some cases, you can also check in online through the travel provider, for which we will require you to provide passport information or driver's license and signature.
If you need to contact our customer service team, contact us through travel providers, or contact us through different means (such as social media or chatbots), we will also collect your relevant information. Whether you provide feedback to us or need assistance using the service, we will collect relevant information.
You may also be invited to write reviews to help others understand your travel experience. If you write a review on the Booking.com platform, we will collect any information you provide, including your display name and nickname (if any).
In addition, there are other situations where you also need to provide relevant information. For example, if you are browsing on a mobile device, you can allow Booking.com to view your current location or obtain certain contact information. This can help us provide you with the best possible service and experience, such as showing you city guides, recommending restaurants and attractions closest to your current location, or giving other recommendations.
If you create a user account, we will also save your personal settings, uploaded photos, and reviews of past orders in the account. These saved data can be used to help you plan and manage future travel bookings or benefit from other features only available to account holders, such as rewards or other benefits.
You can also choose to add detailed information from your identification documents to your user account, so you don't have to submit such information for each individual travel order.
We may offer you referral programs or lucky draws, and participating in these programs will mean that you provide us with relevant personal data.
The personal data you shared with us about other guests
If you have a Booking.com for Business account, you can save an address book on the account for easy planning and management of business travel for others.
In some cases, you may use Booking.com to share information with others. Its form may include sharing a wish list or participating in recommended projects, as described when you use the relevant features.
We would like to remind you that when providing personal data of others, it is your responsibility to inform the recipient and confirm that they understand Booking.com's use of their information (as described in this privacy statement).
We automatically collect personal data.
Whether you have ultimately booked a trip or not, when you visit our website or a
When using PP, we will automatically collect relevant information. This includes your IP address, the time and date you obtained our services, as well as your computer hardware and software information (such as operating system, web browser used, software/application version data, and language settings). We will also track the number of clicks and the pages you have browsed.
If you use a mobile device, we collect device identification data, device specific settings and feature data, app conflicts, and other system activity data. When you use this type of device for travel booking, our system records how you made the booking (on which website) and/or from which website you entered the Booking.com website or app.
We receive personal data from other channels.
In addition to the information you directly share with us, we also receive your relevant information from other channels, including business partners such as affiliated partners, subsidiaries of the Booking.com group of companies, other companies of the Booking Holdings Inc. group of companies, and other independent third parties.
The information we receive from these partners may be mixed with the information you provide. For example, Booking.com travel booking services are not only provided through the Booking.com website and Booking.com app, but also through our online distribution partners. When you use any of these services, you provide order information to our business partners, who then forward this information to us.
In addition, we will also collaborate with third-party service providers to handle payment matters between booking guests and travel providers. These service providers will share your payment information with us so that we can manage and process your travel orders.
We will also collect information in the unfortunate case of receiving a complaint from the travel provider regarding your misconduct.
Additionally, we may collect your data through communication services integrated into our platform. These communication services provide you with contact information for negotiating check-in with the travel provider you have booked. In some cases, we collect metadata for these communication activities, such as your identity, the location where you called, the date and duration of the call.
We may also obtain your information in order to display relevant advertisements to you, such as additional cookie data provided to us by Booking.com's social media partners. For more information, please refer to why Booking.com collects and uses your personal data? part.
When you associate a Booking.com user account with your social media account, you may trigger data exchange between Booking.com and the social media provider. You can always choose not to share this data.
Travel providers may also share information about you with Booking.com. Usually, this information is shared when you have questions about the travel booking for check-in, or when you have disputes or other issues with the travel booking.
Why does Booking.com collect and use your personal data?
We collect and use your personal information for various purposes, such as: Your personal data may be used in the following ways:
Travel booking: First and foremost, we use your personal data to complete and manage your online travel booking, which is crucial for us to provide you with this service. This includes sending you communications related to your travel order, such as confirmations (including providing proof of purchase and/or payment where applicable), modifications, and reminders. In some cases, this may also include processing your personal data to enable online check-in by travel providers or processing personal data related to potential damage deposits.
Customer Service: We provide international customer service in over 20 languages 24/7 through our offices in various locations. Sharing relevant information with our global customer service team, such as order information or your user account information, can enable us to respond actively when you need it. This includes helping you contact the correct travel provider and responding to any questions you may have regarding travel bookings (or any other inquiries).
Account Facilities: Booking.com users can create accounts on our website or app. We will use the information you provide to manage your account and provide you with a range of practical features. You can perform various operations within your account, such as managing travel orders, enjoying exclusive discounts for registered users, setting up quick travel bookings, and adjusting personal settings.
You can save and share your wishlist, share photos, conveniently view travel service search records, and provide travel related information by managing your personal settings. You can also view any written comments.
If you are willing, you can create a public avatar sharing below your name or selected display name, and share some information as your user account. If you have logged into your account and are willing to create a Business account, we may use your name and email address to pre fill out the registration form.
If you have a Booking.com business travel service account, you can also save your contact information under the account, manage business orders, and associate other account holders with the same Booking.com business travel service account.
Online groups: We may provide account holders with the opportunity to interact with each other through online groups or forums.
Marketing activities: We will use your information for legitimate and lawful marketing activities, such as:
Using your contact information and interactions with the Booking.com platform (collected through cookies and similar tracking technologies), personalized marketing messages (such as push notifications or emails) are sent to you from Booking.com, including promotions, search assistant messages, Genius and other rewards, travel experiences, surveys, and updates about Booking.com products and services. You can easily unsubscribe from email marketing communications at any time. You only need to click on the "unsubscribe" link included in each electronic newsletter or other communication content, or manage your preferences through your account settings.
Based on your interaction on the Booking.com platform (through cookies and classes)
Similar to tracking technology collection, we may display personalized marketing of Booking.com to you through the Booking.com website, mobile app, or third-party website/app (including social media websites), including promotions, search assistant messages, Genius and other rewards, travel experiences, surveys, and updates about Booking.com products and services, and website display content may be personalized. These are activities and recommendations that we believe you may be interested in, and you can book directly on the Booking.com platform, co branded websites, or other third-party websites.
If you participate in other promotional activities (such as lotteries, friend recommendations, or various competitions), we only use relevant information to manage these promotions.
Contact you: Sometimes we may contact you through email, push notifications, chatbots, posts, phone calls, or text messages to process communication information you send to us.
We may contact you for different matters, including:
Reply and handle any requests made by you or the travel provider you have booked. Booking.com also provides customers and travel providers with multiple ways to exchange information, requests, and reviews of travel providers and existing bookings through Booking.com. For more information, please scroll down the page and refer to the section "How does Booking.com handle information exchange between you and travel providers through Booking.com.
If you have started but have not completed your online travel search or booking, we may contact you and invite you to continue searching or booking. We believe that this additional service can benefit you as you do not need to search for travel providers again or re-enter booking information to continue the process that was interrupted last time.
When you use our products and services, we may send you surveys or invite you to provide reviews on Booking.com or travel providers.
We will also send you other information related to travel booking. For example, how to contact Booking.com when you need assistance during your trip, practical tips that we believe you may need when planning your itinerary, or information that may be helpful for your travel experience. We may also send you upcoming travel bookings or your historical travel booking records on Booking.com.
Even if you do not have any upcoming travel bookings, we may still need to send you management messages that may include security warnings.
If there is any inappropriate behavior, we may send you notifications and/or warnings.
Market research: We sometimes invite clients to participate in market research. Please review the information attached to this type of invitation to understand what personal data we will collect and how we will use it.
Improving our services: We may use personal data for analytical purposes and to enhance our products, such as providing a more personalized experience based on how you book selected accommodations on our platform. In addition, your personal data may also be used for the development and improvement of our machine learning and artificial intelligence tools. This is part of our commitment to improving service quality and enhancing user experience.
In this case, we use data for testing and troubleshooting, and generate statistical data related to the business. The main purpose here is to gain a deeper understanding of our service performance and usage, ultimately optimizing and customizing our website and app to make it easier and more meaningful to use. We try our best to use anonymous and de identified personal data to complete this analysis work.
Based on your location, we provide you with the best price: When you search through our app or website, such as looking for accommodation, car rental, or airfare, we process your IP address to confirm whether you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or other countries/regions. We provide you with the best prices in your region (EEA) or other countries/regions (non EEA) through this method.
Guest reviews and other destination related information: During and after the trip, we may invite you to submit reviews. We can also have your accompanying personnel or the person you booked on your behalf submit a review. The invitation will ask for information about the travel provider or destination.
If you have a Booking.com account, you can choose to display your username next to your review instead of your real name. If you want to set a username, you can operate it under account settings. You can also add an avatar.
By completing a review, you agree to display the comment (as described in the terms and conditions), such as on the relevant travel provider information page of our website, our mobile app, social media accounts and apps, the online platform of the relevant travel provider, or business partner websites. This is to inform other travelers about the quality of the travel services you are using, the destination you have chosen, or any other experiences you have chosen to share.
Phone monitoring: When you call our customer service team, Booking.com will use an automated phone number detection system to match your caller ID with an existing order. This helps save you and our customer service personnel time. However, our customer service team will still conduct information verification to assist in ensuring the confidentiality of order information.
During conversations with our customer service team, there may be on-site monitoring or recording of the conversation for quality control and training purposes. This includes using recordings for handling complaints, legal claims, and fraud detection.
Not all calls will be recorded. If a call is recorded, each recording will be automatically deleted after being saved for a limited period of time. Unless we have determined that it is necessary to retain the recording for fraud investigation or legal purposes. The following text provides more relevant information.
Enhancing the security and reliability of our services: To provide a trusted environment for you, those traveling with you, Booking.com business partners, and travel providers, we continuously analyze and use specific personal data in detecting and preventing fraudulent, illegal, or unethical activities.
Similarly, we will also use personal data for risk assessment and security purposes, including when you report security issues or verify users and orders. When we perform this operation, we may pause before completing the evaluation
Or freeze some travel bookings.
Legal Purpose: In certain circumstances, we may need to use your information to process and resolve legal claims and disputes for the purpose of serving regulatory investigations and compliance (legal/regulatory) purposes; Execute the terms of use of Booking.com's online booking service; Or comply with the legal requirements of law enforcement agencies. In addition, we may process your user ID for accounting purposes under the Digital Markets Act, which is associated with the email address used to create your account.
Providing your personal data to Booking.com is voluntary. However, if we collect some personal data, we may only be able to provide you with some services. For example, if we are unable to collect your name and contact information, we will not be able to process your travel booking.
If our use of automated means to process personal data would have legal effects or similar serious impacts on you, we will take necessary measures to protect your rights and freedoms, including the right to human intervention. Including the right to human intervention.
As mentioned above, we will process your personal data in accordance with the following legal basis:
Where applicable, for purposes A and B, Booking.com processes your personal data as necessary to fulfill the contract based on legal grounds, in order to complete and manage your travel booking.
If you fail to provide the necessary personal data, Booking.com will not be able to complete travel bookings or provide customer service. Given purposes C to L, Booking.com provides and improves services to you based on its (or third-party's) legitimate rights and interests to prevent fraud and other illegal activities (as described under C to L).
When using personal data for Booking.com or third-party legitimate rights and interests services, Booking.com will always balance your rights and interests and protect your personal data when Booking.com or other third parties fulfill their rights and interests. For purpose M, Booking.com will still abide by and comply with applicable laws and regulations (such as lawful enforcement requests).
Finally, in accordance with applicable laws, Booking.com will obtain your consent before processing your personal data (including for cookies and similar tracking technologies, as well as marketing messaging purposes) (unless otherwise required by law).
If you wish to object to the processing specified in C to L and there is no direct mechanism (such as in marketing emails or your account settings) available for you to choose to opt out, please do so through dataprotectionoffice@booking.com Or go to the form to contact us.
How does Booking.com share your data information with third parties?
In some cases, we may share your personal data with third parties. These third parties include:
The travel provider you have booked: In order to complete your travel booking, we will send relevant order information to the travel provider you have already booked. This is the most important service we provide for you.
According to travel bookings and travel providers, the information shared may include your name, contact information, payment details, the names of accompanying guests, and any other information you have preferred or indicated at the time of travel booking.
In some cases, we may also provide additional historical information about you to travel providers. This includes whether you have previously booked with them, the number of orders you have completed on Booking.com, confirmation that there have been no reports of inappropriate behavior on your part, your historical cancellation percentage, or whether you have submitted reviews on historical orders.
If you have any questions about travel, we will contact the travel provider to handle your request. Unless payment is made through the Booking.com website during the booking process, we will provide your credit card information to the travel provider you booked for further processing of the order (if you have already provided this information to us).
If there are claims or disputes related to travel orders, we may provide your contact information and other information about the booking process to the travel provider as needed to resolve the issue. This may include but is not limited to your email and your booking confirmation to prove that you have made a travel reservation or confirmed the reason for cancellation.
To complete the above tasks, the travel provider will further process your personal data beyond the control of Booking.com. Travel providers may also require you to provide additional personal data, such as for providing additional services or complying with local restrictions. If possible, please read the privacy statement of the travel provider to understand how they handle your personal data.
Direct connection suppliers: Please note that some travel providers may require us to share your personal data with contracted direct connection partners in order to ultimately determine and manage your booking. Directly connect with suppliers to act on behalf of travel providers and assist them in managing bookings.
Your local Booking.com office: In order to support the use of Booking.com services, your detailed information may be shared with subsidiaries of the Booking.com corporate group, including customer service. For more information about the Booking.com corporate group, please visit the About Booking.com page.
Third party service providers: We use service providers outside the Booking.com group to support us in providing services. This includes:
customer support 
market research
Detecting and preventing fraudulent behavior (including anti fraud screening)
Insurance claim
payment
We use third parties to handle payment, chargeback, settlement and collection matters. When you or the credit card holder who booked your order applies for a travel order chargeback, we need to share specific order information with payment service technology providers and relevant financial institutions in order for them to process the refund. It may also include a copy of your order confirmation letter or the IP address at the time of booking. When we deem it necessary for fraud detection and prevention purposes, we will share information with relevant financial institutions.
When you or the credit card holder who booked your order applies for a travel order chargeback, we need to communicate with the payment service technology provider and relevant fees
Financial institutions share specific order information in order to handle cancellation matters. It may also include a copy of your order confirmation letter or the IP address at the time of booking.
When we deem it necessary for fraud detection and prevention purposes, we also share information with relevant financial institutions.
Marketing Services
We share personal data with advertising partners, including your email address, IP address, and phone number, as part of third-party marketing of Booking.com services (to ensure that relevant advertisements are displayed to the appropriate audience). We use hashing and other techniques to match your email address, IP address, and/or phone number with existing customer databases to prevent such data from being used for other purposes. To learn about other personalized advertisements and your optional information, please refer to our Cookie Statement.
Advertising partners
We support you in comparing our promotional activities with those of other OTAs through advertising partners such as meta search suppliers. When you book through an advertising partner on Booking.com, we will send the order information you booked on Booking.com to that partner.
Other professional third parties: In certain situations (such as disputes, legal claims, or audit activities), we may need to share your personal data with professional advisors. These consultants include law firms or auditors, among others. We only share your personal data within the necessary scope, and such third parties process this data in accordance with their own professional obligations.
Regulatory authorities: We will disclose personal data to law enforcement agencies when it is legally required or necessary for the prevention, investigation, or prosecution of criminal and fraudulent activities. To fulfill legal obligations (such as those under short-term leasing laws), protect and defend our rights or the rights and property of our business partners, we may need to further disclose relevant personal data to regulatory authorities (including tax departments and municipal authorities).
Business partners: We collaborate with many global business partners. These business partners distribute and promote Booking.com's services, including our travel provider's services and products.
When you make reservations through the websites or apps of these business partners, the specific personal data you provide, such as your name, email, address, payment details, and other relevant information, will be sent to us for the purpose of completing and managing your travel booking.
If customer service is provided by a business partner, Booking.com will also share relevant information about your booking with them (if necessary) so that they can provide you with better and faster service.
When you make a reservation through the websites of our business partners, they will receive corresponding personal data related to specific orders and your interactions on these partner websites. This is to achieve their business objectives.
When booking on a business partner's website, if you want to know how they handle your personal data, please refer to the relevant privacy notice. For these business partners, we can act as joint controllers. If you choose to exercise your data subject rights with our business partners, we can cooperate to ensure a sufficient response to your request.
For the purpose of fraud identification and prevention, we may also exchange information about our users with business partners, but only when it is absolutely necessary.
If there is an insurance claim involving you and the travel provider, we may provide necessary data (including personal data) to the insurance company for further processing.
Agent room rates: We may provide you with "agent room rates". When you book accommodation marked with 'agent rates', your reservation will be implemented by a travel provider independent of the accommodation provider you booked. As part of the booking process, we will need to share some relevant personal data with the business partner.
If you book agent room rates, please carefully read the relevant information during the booking process or refer to the order confirmation letter for more information about the travel provider and how they will further process your personal data.
Booking Holdings Inc. Group: See how your personal data is shared within the Booking Holdings Inc. group.
Booking.com is a global enterprise. The country/region where we access, receive, or store the data we collect from you (as described in this privacy statement) may not have the same data protection laws as the country/region where you initially provided the information. In this case, we will protect your data as described in this privacy statement.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), this provision may also apply. The country/region receiving your data may not have laws in place that provide the same level of protection for your personal data as European Economic Area laws. In this case, we will take appropriate protective measures to ensure that these transmissions comply with European privacy laws.
Especially when your data is transmitted to third-party service providers, we will develop and implement appropriate contracts, organizational and technical measures with them. The implementation method involves developing standard contract terms approved by the European Commission, reviewing countries that may receive data, and implementing specific technical and organizational security measures.
In certain specific circumstances, we may transfer your data outside the European Economic Area as it is in your interest or necessary for us to sign or fulfill a contract with you. For example, when you make a reservation on Booking.com or through a business partner, we may need to transfer your data to travel providers or business partners located outside the European Economic Area.
You can do it through dataprotectionoffice@booking.com Contact us to request the protective measures we have already implemented.
How does Booking Holdings Inc. share your personal data within the company group?
Booking.com is a subsidiary of Booking Holdings Inc. Please visit Bookinghholdings.com for more details.
We may book from Ho
Other companies within the Holdings Inc. group receive your personal data, or share your personal data with other companies within the group, for the following purposes:
Provide services (including booking, managing orders, and processing payments)
Provide customer service
Detecting, preventing, and investigating fraudulent behavior, other illegal activities, and data breaches
Analysis and Product Improvement Objectives
Providing personalized discounts or marketing content with your prior consent or in accordance with applicable laws
Hosting, technical support, comprehensive maintenance, and security maintenance of such shared data
Ensure compliance with applicable laws
According to applicable circumstances, unless otherwise specified, for purposes A-F, Booking.com shares and receives personal data in accordance with its legitimate rights and interests. For purpose G, Booking.com will comply with applicable laws and regulations (such as lawful enforcement requests).
For example, Booking.com works closely with Rentalcars.com to provide ground transportation services to users. For more information, please refer to "How can your personal data be shared and further processed in ground transportation services
All companies under the Booking Holdings Inc. group may be required to exchange personal customer data to ensure that all users are protected from fraudulent activities on their online platform.
Is your personal data shared and further processed in ground transportation services?
Booking.com Transport Limited (operating name Rentalcars. com) is a private limited liability company registered under UK law, with its office located at 6 Goods Yard Street, Manchester, M3 3BG, United Kingdomã€‚
Booking.com and Rentalcars.com (both owned by Booking Holdings Inc.) work closely together to provide ground transportation services through Booking.com websites and apps such as cars.booking.com or taxi.booking.com.
The ground transportation services provided by the Booking.com website and app are operated by Rentalcars.com under the Booking.com brand. This means that when you book or browse ground transportation services through an app or website, Booking.com and Rentalcars.com are jointly responsible for collecting and using your personal data.
In addition to processing data to allow you to search for ground transportation services and make reservations, Booking.com and Rentalcars.com may also independently use your personal data. This is in accordance with the purposes outlined in this privacy statement and Rentalcars.com privacy statement.
If you would like to further understand the relationship between Booking.com and Rentalcars.com, as well as to exercise your rights regarding personal data collected through the Booking.com website and app, please feel free to contact Booking.com at any time. You can contact us through the email address listed under "Who is responsible for processing personal data on Booking.com and how to contact us.
How will your personal data be shared and further processed to obtain insurance services?
Booking.com Distribution B.V. is a sister company of Booking.com, with its registered office located at Oosterdokskade 163, 1011 DL, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Booking.com and Booking.com Distribution B.V. work closely together to provide customers with various travel order insurance products and services, such as room cancellation insurance.
Insurance services may involve multiple parties, such as intermediaries, insurance companies, and other agents. If Booking.com Distribution B.V. is involved, it will act as an intermediary and authorized agent or designated representative on behalf of the insurance company (depending on the jurisdiction) to provide insurance products and services to Booking.com customers.
Please review the information provided during the booking process to learn more about Booking.com Distribution B.V and the parties that collaborate with Booking.com to provide you with these products and services. For detailed information about the insurance company, please refer to the insurance policy and related documents provided to you.
When providing insurance, Booking.com and Booking.com Distribution B.V. may have to use and share personal data related to insurance products. These data are related to you as a potential or actual policyholder, policy beneficiary, family member, claimant, and other parties involved in the claim:
In order to provide insurance services, arrange insurance, and process insurance claims, certain personal data provided to us during the booking process ('General Order Data ') may need to be shared with Booking.com Distribution B.V. You may also need to provide other information, such as the names of family members or other beneficiaries or detailed information about the claim ("insurance specific data").
If you make a claim under the insurance policy, the insurance company may handle the claim directly. This means that you may be required to provide personal data in order to file a claim directly with them. The insurance company will notify you when collecting your information. When your claim is processed by an insurance company, Booking.com may receive information about the status of your claim in order to provide you with customer support services.
When Booking.com Distribution B.V. acts as an intermediary for insurance products and services through Booking.com, the two companies are jointly responsible for the collection of insurance specific data and its collection from Booking.com
g. Transmission from com to Booking.com Distribution B.V. However, Booking.com Distribution B.V. is the sole controller of any processing conducted outside of the Booking.com Distribution B.V. system. Any personal data collected by Booking.com for insurance purposes will be processed in accordance with the provisions of this privacy statement.
If you would like to further understand the relationship between Booking.com and Booking.com Distribution B.V., as well as to exercise your rights regarding personal data collected through the Booking.com website and app, please contact us.
How does Booking.com handle the information exchange between you and the travel provider you have booked through Booking.com?
Booking.com can provide multiple ways for you and travel providers to communicate directly through Booking.com regarding travel services and existing travel bookings. This also allows you and your travel provider to contact Booking.com through the website, our app, and other channels we can provide to inquire about your travel booking related issues.
Booking.com obtains communication based on the following reasons and may use automated systems to review, scan, and analyze communication content:
Safety purpose
Preventing fraud
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Investigate potential misconduct
Develop and improve products
investigation and research
Customer engagement (including providing you with information and promotional activities that we believe may be of interest to you)
Customer or technical support
We reserve the right to review and intercept all communications that we, at our sole discretion, believe may contain malicious content, spam, or other information that could pose a threat to you, travel providers, Booking.com, or other entities.
All messages sent or received through the Booking.com communication tool will be received and saved by Booking.com. The travel provider and the business partners through whom you make reservations may also communicate directly with you via email or other channels not controlled by Booking.com.
How does Booking.com utilize mobile devices?
We offer free apps on various mobile devices as well as optimized versions of websites that can be viewed on both mobile and tablet platforms.
These apps and mobile websites process the personal information you provide in the same way as our website. They will also allow you to use location services to find nearby travel services (if you wish).
With your permission, we may send you travel booking related push messages. You can also authorize us to obtain your location data or contact information in order to provide the services you request. If you upload photos to our platform, these photos may also contain location information (i.e. metadata). Please refer to your mobile device instructions on how to modify settings and manage this type of data sharing.
When you use our 'voice assistant' to search for our services or manage your bookings, your voice will be anonymously translated into text by a third-party service provider. You need to allow us to use your device's microphone to access this feature.
In order to optimize our services and marketing activities, as well as ensure that we can provide you with a consistent user experience, we use what we call 'cross device tracking'. This may be done with or without the use of cookies. If you want to learn more about cookies and other similar technologies, please refer to the Cookie Statement.
Through cross device tracking, Booking.com can track users' activities on multiple devices. As part of cross device tracking, we may merge and process data from specific browsers/mobile devices with data collected from other computers or devices used by the same customer.
To optimize the content of Booking.com's electronic newsletter, we will merge searches and orders from different computers and devices. You can unsubscribe from Booking.com newsletters at any time.
Based on your activities on the connected computer and device, personalized advertisements may be displayed to you on other websites or apps. Modify the cookie settings of the device (see the "What You Can Do" section in the cookie statement), and you can modify the cross device tracking technology used for advertising. You should be aware that logging out of your Booking.com account does not mean that you will no longer accept customized ads.
How does Booking.com utilize social media?
At Booking.com, we use social media in different ways. We not only use it to assist in the use of online booking services, but also to promote our travel provider's tourism related products and services, as well as to promote, improve, and assist our own services.
Please note that as described below, using social media features can result in personal data exchange between Booking.com and social media service providers. You are free to choose not to use any social media features provided to you.
Log in with a social media account. We offer you the opportunity to log in to your Booking.com user account using one of your social media accounts. We do this to reduce your memory of different usernames and passwords used for different online services.
Once you have successfully logged in, you can then use your social media account to log in to your Booking.com user account. You can unlink your Booking.com user account from the selected social media account at any time according to your wishes.
Integrate social media plugins. We have integrated social media plugins into the official website and app of Booking.com. This means that when you click or tap on a button (such as Facebook's "Like" button), the corresponding information will be shared with the social media provider.
If you log in to your social media account while clicking or tapping on such buttons, your social media provider may associate this information with your social media account. According to your settings, they may also display these in their social media personal information
Behavior that is visible to others in your social network.
Other social media services and features. We may introduce other social media services for you (such as social media communication) to facilitate communication and exchange of our services with Booking.com or your own contacts.
We may manage social media accounts and provide app downloads on multiple social platforms. Whenever you contact Booking.com through social media, your social media service provider may allow you to share information with Booking.com.
If you agree to share, your social media provider will generally inform you of which information will be shared. For example, when you log in to a Booking.com user account using a social media account, some information in that account may be shared with Booking.com. This includes your email address, your age, and the personal profile pictures you have saved, depending on the content authorized in your social media account.
When you register using a social media app on Booking.com, or use a social media service without a Booking.com user account, the information you share with us may be your social media account profile (including email, status updates, and your contacts).
We will use this information to provide you with the services you need, such as forwarding information to your contacts or creating a personalized user experience on our app or website. This means that if you are willing, we can provide customized services for you, making it convenient for you to share the best travel destinations with friends, analyze and improve our tourism related services. Please note that we do not use WhatsApp or similar third-party services to request booking or payment confirmation. If you receive a WhatsApp message, for example, asking you to follow the link to ensure booking or complete the relevant payment, please do not reply to the message or follow the link. We kindly request that you report any relevant information to our customer service team.
When you connect to Booking.com through a social media provider, your social media provider will be able to provide you with more information about how they use and process your data. This may include when you use Booking.com through social media, they may collect your personal data; Or when you use other online platforms but are also connected to your social media account, they will also collect this data.
If you decide to use your Facebook or Google account to connect (Booking. com), please refer to the following links to learn how these parties use the data they receive: Facebook and Google.
What secure storage processes does Booking.com adopt to protect your personal data?
We have established procedures to prevent unauthorized access and misuse of personal data.
We use appropriate commercial systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the security of your personal data. When accessing and using personal data on servers, we also use security programs and various technical and physical restrictions. Only authorized personnel are allowed to use personal data during the work process.
In order to allow you to use our services, or provide you with our services (including maintaining any Booking.com user accounts you may have), comply with applicable laws, resolve any disputes, and allow us to conduct business, including detecting and preventing fraud or other illegal activities, we will retain your personal data for necessary periods of time. All personal data we hold about you (as a Booking.com customer) is subject to this privacy statement.
To enhance protection, we strongly recommend that you set up two factor authentication for your Booking.com user account. Add additional verification steps to ensure that anyone who obtains your username and password (such as through phishing or social engineering) cannot access your account. You can go to the security section in your account settings to make this setting.
How does Booking.com handle children's personal data?
Our services are not provided for children under the age of 18, and we do not collect child data unless provided by one parent or guardian (with consent). We may need to collect personal data of children under the age of 18 in limited circumstances, including as part of reservations, purchasing other travel related services, or in other special circumstances (such as functions provided for families). Similarly, these data can only be used and collected with the consent of one parent or guardian.
If we find that we have processed information of children under the age of 18 without obtaining valid consent from one parent or guardian, we will delete that information.
How to manage personal data submitted to Booking.com?
You can control how we use your personal data, as follows:
You can control how we use your personal data, as follows:
You can request a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
You can notify us of any changes to your personal data, or request us to amend the personal data we hold about you. As described below, with a user account, you can make some modifications online.
In specific circumstances, you may request us to delete, block or restrict the processing of your personal data, or object to specific ways in which we use your personal data,
In certain circumstances, you may also request us to send the personal data you provide to a third party.
If we use your personal data with your consent, you have the right to revoke this consent at any time in accordance with applicable laws.
And, if we process your personal data based on legitimate interests or public interests, according to applicable laws, you have the right to object to the use of your personal data at any time.
We rely on you to ensure the integrity, accuracy, and timeliness of your personal data. Please inform us as soon as possible of any changes or errors in your personal information.
If you have a Booking.com user account, you can access a large amount of your personal data through our website/app. Our website/app usually provides options for adding, updating, or deleting in your account settings
Except for the selection of personal information.
Users with Booking.com accounts can also request us to delete their accounts through the Booking.com app. Please note that app functionality may vary depending on the operating system and its third-party software providers.
If you are unable to obtain any personal data about you through our website or app, you can send us a request.
If you wish to exercise your right to access or delete data, you only need to fill out and submit the Booking.com Customer Data Subject Request Form. If you have any requests regarding this privacy statement, wish to exercise any other rights, or have any complaints, please send an email to dataprotectionoffice@booking.com Contact our data protection officer. You can also contact the local data protection agency.
If you wish to refuse the processing of your personal data based on legitimate rights and interests, and there is no direct opt out mechanism, please send an email to dataprotectionoffice@booking.com contact us.
If you would like to contact us by sending a letter, please send it to the data protection officer and use the following mailing address: Oosterdokskade 163, 1011 DL, Amsterdam, Netherlandsã€‚
Who is responsible for processing personal data on Booking.com and how to contact us?
As stated in this privacy statement, unless otherwise stated, Booking.com B.V. controls the processing of personal data. Booking.com B.V. is a private limited liability company established under Dutch law, with its registered address at Oosterdokskade 163, 1011 DL, Amsterdam, Netherlandsã€‚
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the processing of your personal data, please contact us through dataprotectionoffice@booking.com Contact our data protection officer and we will get back to you as soon as possible. If you have any questions about your order or need customer service support, please follow this link.
If you have any questions about booking, please contact our customer service team through the customer service contact page.
Requests from law enforcement agencies should be submitted through the law enforcement process.
According to the special terms of the country/region
According to the laws applicable to you, we may need to provide some additional information. If applicable, you can find more information about your country or region below.
Learn more about country/region specific terms and conditions
We understand that you are looking for more in-depth information. This is some information we have collected.
Depending on the nature of your travel order, we may also require you to provide information such as your home address, phone number, payment information, date of birth, current location (in the case of on-demand services), names of accompanying personnel, and some of your preferences when choosing to travel (such as dietary and accessibility requirements). In some cases, you can also check in online through the travel provider, for which we will require you to provide passport information or driver's license and signature.
If you need to contact our customer service team, contact us through travel providers, or contact us through different means (such as social media or chatbots), we will also collect your relevant information. Whether you provide feedback to us or need assistance using the service, we will collect relevant information.
You may also be invited to write reviews to help others understand your travel experience. If you write a review on the Booking.com platform, we will collect any information you provide, including your display name and nickname (if any).
In addition, there are other situations where you also need to provide relevant information. For example, if you are browsing on a mobile device, you can allow Booking.com to view your current location or obtain certain contact information. This can help us provide you with the best possible service and experience, such as showing you city guides, recommending restaurants and attractions closest to your current location, or giving other recommendations.
If you create a user account, we will also save your personal settings, uploaded photos, and reviews of past orders in the account. These saved data can be used to help you plan and manage future travel bookings or benefit from other features only available to account holders, such as rewards or other benefits.
You can also choose to add detailed information from your identification documents to your user account, so you don't have to submit such information for each individual travel order.
We may offer you referral programs or lucky draws, and participating in these programs will mean that you provide us with relevant personal data.
If you have a Booking.com for Business account, you can save an address book on the account for easy planning and management of business travel for others.
In some cases, you may use Booking.com to share information with others. Its form may include sharing a wish list or participating in recommended projects, as described when you use the relevant features.
We would like to remind you that when providing personal data of others, it is your responsibility to inform the recipient and confirm that they understand Booking.com's use of their information (as described in this privacy statement).
Whether or not you have ultimately booked a trip, we automatically collect relevant information when you visit our website or app. This includes your IP address, the time and date you obtained our services, as well as your computer hardware and software information (such as operating system, web browser used, software/application version data, and language settings). We will also track the number of clicks and the pages you have browsed.
If you use a mobile device, we collect device identification data, device specific settings and feature data, app conflicts, and other system activity data. When you use this type of device for travel booking, our system records how you made the booking (on which website) and/or from which website you entered the Booking.com website or app.
Except for you directly
By sharing information with us, we will also receive your relevant information from other channels, including business partners such as affiliated partners, subsidiaries of the Booking.com group of companies, other companies of the Booking Holdings Inc. group of companies, and other independent third parties.
The information we receive from these partners may be mixed with the information you provide. For example, Booking.com travel booking services are not only provided through the Booking.com website and Booking.com app, but also through our online distribution partners. When you use any of these services, you provide order information to our business partners, who then forward this information to us.
In addition, we will also collaborate with third-party service providers to handle payment matters between booking guests and travel providers. These service providers will share your payment information with us so that we can manage and process your travel orders.
We will also collect information in the unfortunate case of receiving a complaint from the travel provider regarding your misconduct.
Additionally, we may collect your data through communication services integrated into our platform. These communication services provide you with contact information for negotiating check-in with the travel provider you have booked. In some cases, we collect metadata for these communication activities, such as your identity, the location where you called, the date and duration of the call.
Travel providers may also share information about you with Booking.com. Usually, this information is shared when you have questions about the travel booking for check-in, or when you have disputes or other issues with the travel booking.
We collect and use your personal information for various purposes, such as: Your personal data may be used in the following ways:
Travel booking: First and foremost, we use your personal data to complete and manage your online travel booking, which is crucial for us to provide you with this service. This includes sending you communications related to your travel order, such as confirmations (including providing proof of purchase and/or payment where applicable), modifications, and reminders. In some cases, this may also include processing your personal data to enable online check-in by travel providers or processing personal data related to potential damage deposits.
Customer Service: We provide international customer service in over 20 languages 24/7 through our offices in various locations. Sharing relevant information with our global customer service team, such as order information or your user account information, can enable us to respond actively when you need it. This includes helping you contact the correct travel provider and responding to any questions you may have regarding travel bookings (or any other inquiries).
Account Facilities: Booking.com users can create accounts on our website or app. We will use the information you provide to manage your account and provide you with a range of practical features. You can perform various operations within your account, such as managing travel orders, enjoying exclusive discounts for registered users, setting up quick travel bookings, and adjusting personal settings.
You can save and share your wishlist, share photos, conveniently view travel service search records, and provide travel related information by managing your personal settings. You can also view any written comments.
If you are willing, you can create a public avatar sharing below your name or selected display name, and share some information as your user account. If you have logged into your account and are willing to create a Business account, we may use your name and email address to pre fill out the registration form.
If you have a Booking.com business travel service account, you can also save your contact information under the account, manage business orders, and associate other account holders with the same Booking.com business travel service account.
Online groups: We may provide account holders with the opportunity to interact with each other through online groups or forums.
Marketing activities: We will use your information for legitimate and lawful marketing activities, such as:
Contact you: Sometimes we may contact you through email, push notifications, chatbots, posts, phone calls, or text messages to process communication information you send to us.
We may contact you for different matters, including:
Market research: We sometimes invite clients to participate in market research. Please review the information attached to this type of invitation to understand what personal data we will collect and how we will use it.
Improving our services: We may use personal data for analytical purposes and to enhance our products, such as providing a more personalized experience based on how you book selected accommodations on our platform. In addition, your personal data may also be used for the development and improvement of our machine learning and artificial intelligence tools. This is part of our commitment to improving service quality and enhancing user experience.
In this case, we use data for testing and troubleshooting, and generate statistical data related to the business. The main purpose here is to gain a deeper understanding of our service performance and usage, ultimately optimizing and customizing our website and app to make it easier and more meaningful to use. We try our best to use anonymous and de identified personal data to complete this analysis work.
Based on your location, we provide you with the best price: When you search through our app or website, such as looking for accommodation, car rental, or airfare, we process your IP address to confirm whether you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or other countries/regions. We provide you with the best prices in your region (EEA) or other countries/regions (non EEA) through this method.
Guest reviews and other destination related information: During and after the trip, we may invite you to submit reviews. We can also have your accompanying personnel or the person you booked on your behalf submit a review. The invitation will ask for information about the travel provider or destination.
If you have a Booking.com account, you can choose to display your username next to your review instead of your real name. If you want to set a username, you can operate it under account settings. You can also add an avatar.
Telephone monitoring
Test: When you call our customer service team, Booking.com will use an automated phone number detection system to match your caller ID with an existing order. This helps save you and our customer service personnel time. However, our customer service team will still conduct information verification to assist in ensuring the confidentiality of order information.
During conversations with our customer service team, there may be on-site monitoring or recording of the conversation for quality control and training purposes. This includes using recordings for handling complaints, legal claims, and fraud detection.
Not all calls will be recorded. If a call is recorded, each recording will be automatically deleted after being saved for a limited period of time. Unless we have determined that it is necessary to retain the recording for fraud investigation or legal purposes. The following text provides more relevant information.
Enhancing the security and reliability of our services: To provide a trusted environment for you, those traveling with you, Booking.com business partners, and travel providers, we continuously analyze and use specific personal data in detecting and preventing fraudulent, illegal, or unethical activities.
Similarly, we will also use personal data for risk assessment and security purposes, including when you report security issues or verify users and orders. When we perform this operation, we may pause or freeze some travel bookings before completing the evaluation.
Legal Purpose: In certain circumstances, we may need to use your information to process and resolve legal claims and disputes for the purpose of serving regulatory investigations and compliance (legal/regulatory) purposes; Execute the terms of use of Booking.com's online booking service; Or comply with the legal requirements of law enforcement agencies. In addition, we may process your user ID for accounting purposes under the Digital Markets Act, which is associated with the email address used to create your account.
If our use of automated means to process personal data would have legal effects or similar serious impacts on you, we will take necessary measures to protect your rights and freedoms, including the right to human intervention. Including the right to human intervention.
Where applicable, for purposes A and B, Booking.com processes your personal data as necessary to fulfill the contract based on legal grounds, in order to complete and manage your travel booking.
If you fail to provide the necessary personal data, Booking.com will not be able to complete travel bookings or provide customer service. Given purposes C to L, Booking.com provides and improves services to you based on its (or third-party's) legitimate rights and interests to prevent fraud and other illegal activities (as described under C to L).
When using personal data for Booking.com or third-party legitimate rights and interests services, Booking.com will always balance your rights and interests and protect your personal data when Booking.com or other third parties fulfill their rights and interests. For purpose M, Booking.com will still abide by and comply with applicable laws and regulations (such as lawful enforcement requests).
Finally, in accordance with applicable laws, Booking.com will obtain your consent before processing your personal data (including for cookies and similar tracking technologies, as well as marketing messaging purposes) (unless otherwise required by law).
In some cases, we may share your personal data with third parties. These third parties include:
The travel provider you have booked: In order to complete your travel booking, we will send relevant order information to the travel provider you have already booked. This is the most important service we provide for you.
According to travel bookings and travel providers, the information shared may include your name, contact information, payment details, the names of accompanying guests, and any other information you have preferred or indicated at the time of travel booking.
In some cases, we may also provide additional historical information about you to travel providers. This includes whether you have previously booked with them, the number of orders you have completed on Booking.com, confirmation that there have been no reports of inappropriate behavior on your part, your historical cancellation percentage, or whether you have submitted reviews on historical orders.
If you have any questions about travel, we will contact the travel provider to handle your request. Unless payment is made through the Booking.com website during the booking process, we will provide your credit card information to the travel provider you booked for further processing of the order (if you have already provided this information to us).
If there are claims or disputes related to travel orders, we may provide your contact information and other information about the booking process to the travel provider as needed to resolve the issue. This may include but is not limited to your email and your booking confirmation to prove that you have made a travel reservation or confirmed the reason for cancellation.
To complete the above tasks, the travel provider will further process your personal data beyond the control of Booking.com. Travel providers may also require you to provide additional personal data, such as for providing additional services or complying with local restrictions. If possible, please read the privacy statement of the travel provider to understand how they handle your personal data.
Direct connection suppliers: Please note that some travel providers may require us to share your personal data with contracted direct connection partners in order to ultimately determine and manage your booking. Directly connect with suppliers to act on behalf of travel providers and assist them in managing bookings.
Other professional third parties: In certain situations (such as disputes, legal claims, or audit activities), we may need to share your personal data with professional advisors. These consultants include law firms or auditors, among others. We only share your personal data within the necessary scope, and such third parties process this data in accordance with their own professional obligations.
Regulatory authorities: We will disclose personal data to law enforcement agencies when it is legally required or necessary for the prevention, investigation, or prosecution of criminal and fraudulent activities. To fulfill legal obligations (such as those under short-term leasing laws), protect and defend our rights or business partnerships
We may need to further disclose relevant personal data to the competent authorities (including tax departments and municipal authorities) regarding the rights and property of companions.
Business partners: We collaborate with many global business partners. These business partners distribute and promote Booking.com's services, including our travel provider's services and products.
When you make reservations through the websites or apps of these business partners, the specific personal data you provide, such as your name, email, address, payment details, and other relevant information, will be sent to us for the purpose of completing and managing your travel booking.
If customer service is provided by a business partner, Booking.com will also share relevant information about your booking with them (if necessary) so that they can provide you with better and faster service.
When you make a reservation through the websites of our business partners, they will receive corresponding personal data related to specific orders and your interactions on these partner websites. This is to achieve their business objectives.
When booking on a business partner's website, if you want to know how they handle your personal data, please refer to the relevant privacy notice. For these business partners, we can act as joint controllers. If you choose to exercise your data subject rights with our business partners, we can cooperate to ensure a sufficient response to your request.
For the purpose of fraud identification and prevention, we may also exchange information about our users with business partners, but only when it is absolutely necessary.
If there is an insurance claim involving you and the travel provider, we may provide necessary data (including personal data) to the insurance company for further processing.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), this provision may also apply. The country/region receiving your data may not have laws in place that provide the same level of protection for your personal data as European Economic Area laws. In this case, we will take appropriate protective measures to ensure that these transmissions comply with European privacy laws.
Especially when your data is transmitted to third-party service providers, we will develop and implement appropriate contracts, organizational and technical measures with them. The implementation method involves developing standard contract terms approved by the European Commission, reviewing countries that may receive data, and implementing specific technical and organizational security measures.
In certain specific circumstances, we may transfer your data outside the European Economic Area as it is in your interest or necessary for us to sign or fulfill a contract with you. For example, when you make a reservation on Booking.com or through a business partner, we may need to transfer your data to travel providers or business partners located outside the European Economic Area.
We may receive your personal data from other companies within the Booking Holdings Inc. group, or share your personal data with other companies within the group for the following purposes:
Provide services (including booking, managing orders, and processing payments)
Provide customer service
Detecting, preventing, and investigating fraudulent behavior, other illegal activities, and data breaches
Analysis and Product Improvement Objectives
Providing personalized discounts or marketing content with your prior consent or in accordance with applicable laws
Hosting, technical support, comprehensive maintenance, and security maintenance of such shared data
Ensure compliance with applicable laws
According to applicable circumstances, unless otherwise specified, for purposes A-F, Booking.com shares and receives personal data in accordance with its legitimate rights and interests. For purpose G, Booking.com will comply with applicable laws and regulations (such as lawful enforcement requests).
How can your personal data be shared and further processed in ground transportation services
In addition to processing data to allow you to search for ground transportation services and make reservations, Booking.com and Rentalcars.com may also independently use your personal data. This is in accordance with the purposes outlined in this privacy statement and Rentalcars.com privacy statement.
Who is responsible for processing personal data on Booking.com and how to contact us
Insurance services may involve multiple parties, such as intermediaries, insurance companies, and other agents. If Booking.com Distribution B.V. is involved, it will act as an intermediary and authorized agent or designated representative on behalf of the insurance company (depending on the jurisdiction) to provide insurance products and services to Booking.com customers.
Please review the information provided during the booking process to learn more about Booking.com Distribution B.V and the parties that collaborate with Booking.com to provide you with these products and services. For detailed information about the insurance company, please refer to the insurance policy and related documents provided to you.
When providing insurance, Booking.com and Booking.com Distribution B.V. may have to use and share personal data related to insurance products. These data are related to you as a potential or actual policyholder, policy beneficiary, family member, claimant, and other parties involved in the claim:
In order to provide insurance services, arrange insurance, and process insurance claims, certain personal data provided to us during the booking process ('General Order Data ') may need to be shared with Booking.com Distribution B.V. You may also need to provide other information, such as the names of family members or other beneficiaries or detailed information about the claim ("insurance specific data").
If you make a claim under the insurance policy, the insurance company may handle the claim directly. This means that you may be required to provide personal data in order to file a claim directly with them. The insurance company will notify you when collecting your information. When your claim is processed by an insurance company, Booking.com may receive information about the status of your claim in order to provide you with customer support services.
Please contact us
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Investigate potential misconduct
Develop and improve products
Customer engagement (including providing you with information and promotional activities that we believe may be of interest to you)
Customer or technical support
We reserve the right to review and intercept all communications that we, at our sole discretion, believe may contain malicious content, spam, or other information that could pose a threat to you, travel providers, Booking.com, or other entities.
All messages sent or received through the Booking.com communication tool will be received and saved by Booking.com. The travel provider and the business partners through whom you make reservations may also communicate directly with you via email or other channels not controlled by Booking.com.
We offer free apps on various mobile devices as well as optimized versions of websites that can be viewed on both mobile and tablet platforms.
With your permission, we may send you travel booking related push messages. You can also authorize us to obtain your location data or contact information in order to provide the services you request. If you upload photos to our platform, these photos may also contain location information (i.e. metadata). Please refer to your mobile device instructions on how to modify settings and manage this type of data sharing.
When you use our 'voice assistant' to search for our services or manage your bookings, your voice will be anonymously translated into text by a third-party service provider. You need to allow us to use your device's microphone to access this feature.
Through cross device tracking, Booking.com can track users' activities on multiple devices. As part of cross device tracking, we may merge and process data from specific browsers/mobile devices with data collected from other computers or devices used by the same customer.
Please note that as described below, using social media features can result in personal data exchange between Booking.com and social media service providers. You are free to choose not to use any social media features provided to you.
Log in with a social media account. We offer you the opportunity to log in to your Booking.com user account using one of your social media accounts. We do this to reduce your memory of different usernames and passwords used for different online services.
Integrate social media plugins. We have integrated social media plugins into the official website and app of Booking.com. This means that when you click or tap on a button (such as Facebook's "Like" button), the corresponding information will be shared with the social media provider.
If you log in to your social media account while clicking or tapping on such buttons, your social media provider may associate this information with your social media account. According to your settings, they may also display these behaviors in your social media personal information and be visible to others in your social network.
Other social media services and features. We may introduce other social media services for you (such as social media communication) to facilitate communication and exchange of our services with Booking.com or your own contacts.
We may manage social media accounts and provide app downloads on multiple social platforms. Whenever you contact Booking.com through social media, your social media service provider may allow you to share information with Booking.com.
If you agree to share, your social media provider will generally inform you of which information will be shared. For example, when you log in to a Booking.com user account using a social media account, some information in that account may be shared with Booking.com. This includes your email address, your age, and the personal profile pictures you have saved, depending on the content authorized in your social media account.
When you register using a social media app on Booking.com, or use a social media service without a Booking.com user account, the information you share with us may be your social media account profile (including email, status updates, and your contacts).
When you connect to Booking.com through a social media provider, your social media provider will be able to provide you with more information about how they use and process your data. This may include when you use Booking.com through social media, they may collect your personal data; Or when you use other online platforms but are also connected to your social media account, they will also collect this data.
We have established procedures to prevent unauthorized access and misuse of personal data.
We use appropriate commercial systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the security of your personal data. When accessing and using personal data on servers, we also use security programs and various technical and physical restrictions. Only authorized personnel are allowed to use personal data during the work process.
In order to allow you to use our services, or provide you with our services (including maintaining any Booking.com user accounts you may have), comply with applicable laws, resolve any disputes, and allow us to conduct business, including detecting and preventing fraud or other illegal activities, we will retain your personal data for necessary periods of time. All personal data we hold about you (as a Booking.com customer) is subject to this privacy statement.
To enhance protection, we strongly recommend that you set up two factor authentication for your Booking.com user account. Add additional verification steps to ensure that anyone who obtains your username and password (such as through phishing or social engineering) cannot access your account. You can go to the security section in your account settings to make this setting.
Our services are not provided for children under the age of 18, and we do not collect child data unless provided by one parent or guardian (with consent). We may need to collect personal data of children under the age of 18 in limited circumstances, including as part of reservations, purchasing other travel related services, or in other special circumstances (such as...)
The functions provided by the family. Similarly, these data can only be used and collected with the consent of one parent or guardian.
If we find that we have processed information of children under the age of 18 without obtaining valid consent from one parent or guardian, we will delete that information.
You can control how we use your personal data, as follows:
You can request a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
You can notify us of any changes to your personal data, or request us to amend the personal data we hold about you. As described below, with a user account, you can make some modifications online.
In specific circumstances, you may request us to delete, block or restrict the processing of your personal data, or object to specific ways in which we use your personal data,
In certain circumstances, you may also request us to send the personal data you provide to a third party.
If we use your personal data with your consent, you have the right to revoke this consent at any time in accordance with applicable laws.
And, if we process your personal data based on legitimate interests or public interests, according to applicable laws, you have the right to object to the use of your personal data at any time.
We rely on you to ensure the integrity, accuracy, and timeliness of your personal data. Please inform us as soon as possible of any changes or errors in your personal information.
If you have a Booking.com user account, you can access a large amount of your personal data through our website/app. Our website/app generally provides the option to add, update, or delete personal information in your account settings.
If you are unable to obtain any personal data about you through our website or app, you can send us a request.
If you would like to contact us by sending a letter, please send it to the data protection officer and use the following mailing address: Oosterdokskade 163, 1011 DL, Amsterdam, Netherlandsã€‚
As stated in this privacy statement, unless otherwise stated, Booking.com B.V. controls the processing of personal data. Booking.com B.V. is a private limited liability company established under Dutch law, with its registered address at Oosterdokskade 163, 1011 DL, Amsterdam, Netherlandsã€‚
Customer Service Contact Page
China
Bofang.com Customer Service Center (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a limited liability company registered under the laws of the People's Republic of China, with its registered address at Room 617, No. 8 Huajing Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone.
Bofang.com Customer Service Center (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is affiliated with Booking.com B.V. The two companies work closely together to provide related services in China, including www.booking.cn. These entities also cooperate to provide personal information protection in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to users using these services within China.
Mandatory personal information
In order to use Booking.com (including www.booking. cn) through our website or app, we need to collect certain types of personal information about you for specific purposes. Some of this personal information is collected when you book a trip, while others are automatically collected when you visit Booking.com or use the app.
When booking a trip, we (at least) require you to provide your name and email address. According to the travel booking, we may also require you to provide information such as home address, phone number, payment information, birthday, and names of accompanying personnel.
Agree to manage page
All of the above information, including information collected through functional cookies, constitutes the personal information we need to provide services to you for the purposes described in the "Why does Booking.com collect and use your personal data?" section, as follows:
A - Travel booking, B - Customer service, C - Account facilities, F - Contact you, H - Improve our service, I - Provide you with the best price, K - Phone monitoring, L - Enhance service security and reliability: M - Legal purposes
We will seek your consent before collecting mandatory personal information from you. If you do not agree to these necessary data processing activities, you will not be able to access or use our services.
Optional personal information
In other cases, we will collect optional personal information that is not necessary for us to provide services. This information includes the information we collect through analytical and marketing cookies.
We use optional personal information to provide you with the services described in the "Why does Booking.com collect and use your personal data?" section, as follows:
D - Online group,
E - Marketing activities,
G - Market research,
J - Customer Reviews
We will seek your consent before collecting optional personal information from you. Even if you do not agree to the collection of such information, you can still access and use our services.
Read more about the personal data information we collect. Here are some examples of the personal information we collect, along with their related purposes and usage scenarios:
Collected personal information: mobile phone number
Purpose of use: Real name verification, filling in network identity information
Usage scenario: Register/Login Account or Edit Personal Information Page
Collected personal information: credit card details
Purpose of use: Payment
Usage scenario: Payment or adding a separate credit card to the user account
Purpose of use: To enable users to input information more conveniently through copying and pasting
Usage scenario: Copy and paste hotel address
User device information
Collected personal information: sensor information
Purpose of use: Collect gyroscope, mobile phone orientation and acceleration data
Usage scenarios: Rotate the map direction during navigation, switch between landscape and portrait modes to view photos, and ensure transaction security
List of third-party recipients and SDKs
Using Booking.com
When providing services, you agree that the following third-party suppliers may process your personal data and sensitive information (as defined below) within and outside of China for the following purposes:
Help us process payments, chargebacks, and/or settle receipts.
Name, payment card information, transaction ID, transaction amount, browser used, device used, country, IP address, and language
Help us promote our products and services to you more targetedly.
Email address, advertising transaction ID, conversion value, time of value realization, currency code, customer type, IP address, Apple IDFA, country, region, state, city, postal code.
Assist us in conducting research in order to improve our products and services.
Name, nickname, phone number, email address, job title, company name, country, postal code, geographic location, IP address, video and voice recordings, text transcription, word for word records, personal profile pictures, personal information related to health (such as the use of assistive devices, topics related to accessibility, or issues related to dietary requirements), personal information indicating race or ethnic origin (such as when researching differences in experiences between different races/ethnicities), personal information about personal sexual orientation (such as when researching differences in experiences between different sexual orientations).
Support requests, claims, and inquiries related to your booking or related travel.
Name, phone number, email address, date of birth, address, country/region, language, payment card type, last 4 digits of the payment card, IP address, cookies, booking details (such as information about other guests, check-in and check-out dates, booking time and date, booking fees, booked accommodations, additional requests), member ID, preferences, requests, third-party requests related to the booking of the booker, and any other personal information you provide.
Transfer your booking information to the accommodation or attraction provider.
Name, phone number, email address, address, company name, country, payment card details, free text notes and requests, and any personal information you provide.
Help us operate the services we provide to you.
Name, phone number, email address, address, company name, country, region, city, postal code, language, travel type, booking details (such as information about other guests, check-in and check-out dates, booking time and date, booking fees, booked accommodations, other requests), transaction details, free text notes and requests, preferences, IP address, geographic location, destination, currency code, customer type, emails and communications exchanged with you, Apple IDFA.
Please note that the processing of your personal information (including sensitive information) by these suppliers may involve any operations and processing methods described in this privacy statement.
Booking.com may also share your personal information with the following SDK (software development kit) vendors for the following purposes:
Purpose of use: Advertising
Collected data: (encrypted) email address, (encrypted) phone number, device information (which may include device model, accelerometer, gyro sensor, IMEI, MAC, IDFA, IDFV, and Ad ID), location information (IP address)
Android permissions: ACCESS_CARSE_Location, ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION, ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION
Usage scenario: Collecting marketing data
Sharing method: collected SDK
Purpose of use: push notifications, ad push
Collected data: BSSID, IMEI, wireless network list, network type, network status, device model, SSID, AAID, mobile ID, application ID, application package name, server public IP address, software application list
Android permissions: READ_CHONE_STATE, WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE, ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
Usage scenario: Sending push notifications to users
Sharing method: collected SDK
Purpose of use: Third party payment
Collected data: device model, brand, manufacturer, device MAC address, IMSI, BSSID, wireless network, sensor information IMEIã€Android IDã€ Hardware serial number, SIM card serial number
Android permissions: ACCESS_CETWORKS, ACCESS_WIFI_STATE, READ_PHONE_STATE, READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_PHONE_STATE
Usage scenario: Provide third-party payment services to users based on their preferences
Sharing method: collected SDK
SDK Developer Name: Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd
SDK developer website: https://lbs.baidu.com/
Function type: Provide location services required for App map functionality
Purpose of use: To provide developers with corresponding services to users based on their location information
Possible permissions to be invoked: WiFi status, location information, device information
Authorization method: determined by the device system developer and the developer application. When the end user agrees to grant this permission to the developer, it is enabled to obtain WiFi connection information, return it to the Baidu location server as an auxiliary location basis, and then return more accurate location information to the developer.
Processing personal information types: WiFi status, location information (which may include GNSS information, WiFi address and signal strength information, base station data information, sensor information, mobile signal strength information), and device information (including Android ID, operating system version, device brand and model, device configuration, application information).
Privacy Policy Link: https://lbs.baidu.com/index.php?title=openprivacy
Sharing method: SDK local collection
use
Purpose: Advertising
Collected data: device information (device manufacturer, device model, device brand), device network operator name, app package name and signature information, or app ID in the corresponding app store.
Android Permissions: Not Applicable
Usage scenario: When collecting marketing data
Sharing method: SDK collection
processing method
Depending on the specific situation, your personal data and sensitive information will be processed in different ways. These operations and processing methods include but are not limited to the collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, use, dissemination or other provision, alignment or combination, restriction and/or erasure or destruction of data.
Sensitive personal information
Sensitive personal information "refers to any information that, if leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to infringement of human dignity or harm to individuals or their property. When using Booking.com services, Booking.com or third-party vendors may collect the following sensitive personal information:
The information required to process your payment (such as your bank account number, payment card number provided by you or on your behalf),
Minors' information authorized by their parents or guardians (see below for details),
Location information to show you a city guide, recommend the nearest accommodations and attractions to your current location, or provide other suggestions.
Please note that when using our services, the type of accommodation you search for may reveal sensitive information about your sexual orientation. Similarly, the food preferences you indicate when booking a flight may also reveal sensitive information about your religion and health.
We will seek your consent before collecting sensitive personal information from you. However, if you voluntarily provide sensitive personal information, we will assume that you have agreed to our processing of that information if you have already submitted it.
For more information, please refer to the "Why does Booking.com collect and use your personal data?" section of this privacy statement.
International transmission and recipient of personal information
In order to provide our services, we will share your personal information with third parties. In many cases, your personal information may be transferred and stored outside of China in order to send data to these third parties. We will seek your consent before conducting such transmission. The reasons for transmission and the categories of recipients of such personal information are as follows.
In order to assist us in providing services, your personal information will be shared with third parties (mostly located outside of China) and processed and stored by them. We will seek your consent before conducting international transmission.
To complete your travel booking, we will send relevant order information to the travel provider you have already booked. This is the most important service we provide for you. According to travel bookings and travel providers, the personal information we transmit may include your name, contact information, payment information, the names of accompanying guests, and any other information you have preferred or indicated at the time of travel booking.
Other recipients of your data may include the Booking Holdings Inc. group of companies and our service providers (learn more about how we share your personal data with the Booking Holdings Inc. group of companies). For more information about other third-party recipients, please refer to the "List of Third Party Recipients and SDKs" section.
Manage your consent
Information on how to share data with third parties
Personalized recommendations and automated decision-making
To enhance your experience with Booking.com, we offer personalized recommendation services to improve the relevance of your search results to you. By default, we will sort these results based on our judgment of their relevance to you. We sort based on your past bookings, check-in dates and times, team composition accompanying you, where you are from, and the actions you have taken during the search process.
We use 'automated decision-making' to make personalized recommendations. That is, we use computer programs to automatically analyze, evaluate, or make decisions regarding personal behavior, habits, interests, hobbies, financial status, health status, credit status, or other conditions. We rely on personal information to make automated decisions.
If you are using an application, go to "Profile", then go to "Settings" and "Personalization" in sequence
If you are using a webpage, go to "Manage Account" and then go to "Preferences"
If you haven't logged in yet, go to "Manage Your Privacy Settings" on the homepage
You can also turn off marketing messages that are based on automated decision-making and sent to you via email or mobile push notifications. The operation method is as follows:
For mobile push notifications, please open the Booking.com application, go to "Profile", then go to "Settings" and "Notifications" in sequence
For email marketing messages, please visit Booking.com or Booking.cn website, go to "Manage Account", and then go to "Email Notifications"
We may also rely on personal information to make other automated decisions, as described below:
Location, booking details, check-in history, transaction history
Search engine search terms, browsing history
Transaction details, chargeback details, payment card details, booking details, booking history, email address, IP address, country/region, geographic location, language, cookies, behavior and activities on Booking.com
User ID, current search details (destination, check-in date and time), enabled search filtering criteria and sorting settings, country/region
User ID, current and past search details (destination, check-in date and time, number of guests and rooms), enabled search filters and sorting settings, past booking details, check-in history, language, country/region, geographic location, current activity in search session, Genius identity, cookies
Current search details (date and check-in time, number of guests and rooms), enabled search filtering criteria, and sorting settings
User ID, current and past search details (destination, check-in date and time, number of guests and rooms), activated
Search filters and sorting settings used, login status (logged in and not logged in), Genius status, language, country/region, geographic location
Current and past search details (destination, check-in dates and days, number of guests and rooms), enabled search filtering criteria and sorting settings, current activity in the search session, previous booking details, check-in history, country/region, geographic location, language, login status, cookies
User ID, IP address, payment card identifier, email address, and free text content of submitted reviews
Current and previous search details (destination, check-in date and days, number of guests and rooms), activities in the current search session
Message content, details of past or future orders
Please note that this processing will not result in any discriminatory treatment or adverse effects on you.
Automatic restart and associated startup
Automatic restart: For the purpose of protecting user personal information, our app will be launched in restricted mode, and the privacy statement and our terms and conditions will be displayed in a pop-up window upon initial launch. After you have reviewed these documents and given the necessary consent, the application will restart and you will be able to use our services normally thereafter.
Associated Launch: When using the app, if you actively click or agree to use certain features (including those provided by third parties), the clicked or agreed upon features (including those provided by third parties) will be associated with the launch of the app. For example, if you choose to log in to the application through an account on another platform (such as a social media account), the relevant third-party application will be associated and launched.
The content you have posted
How do we operate
How to exercise your rights
If you have a Booking.com account, you can find the personal information we store about you in your account settings. This includes your name, email address, phone number, address, and payment information. You can view, modify, or delete this data at any time, exercising your right to access, correct, or delete it.
If you wish to cancel your account, you can open the www.booking.cn website on your computer, log in, click on the "Account Security" section in the "Account Management", and then select "Cancel Account".
In addition to the above, if you wish to exercise your right to access your data or delete such data, unsubscribe from email marketing, or revoke your consent to our processing of your personal information, please fill out our form: Booking.com Customer Data Subject Request.
To protect your personal information, we may need to verify your identity before completing your request. For this purpose, we will inquire about your previous booking. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, we will respond to your request within 15 working days.
If you need to exercise these or any other rights under the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL), or contact us regarding this Privacy Statement and our practices, you can send an email to privacyrequests@booking.com . Please use the keywords: 'China PIPL Privacy Rights - Request'.
Cookie Statement
Whenever you use our online services or apps, we use cookies and other online tracking technologies (which we also refer to as "cookies" when describing the purpose of this cookie statement).
Cookies can be used for various purposes, including operating the Booking.com website, traffic analysis, or advertising purposes.
If you want to further understand what cookies are, how to use cookies, and what choices you have, please continue reading.
What are cookies and other online tracking technologies?
How to use cookies?
What are my options?
What are cookies and other online tracking technologies?
A web browser cookie is a small text file saved by a website in your computer or mobile device browser.
These types of cookies remember your preferences and settings or analyze your use of online services by storing information about the content you browse and interact with.
Cookies can be divided into "first party" and "third party".
First party cookies are cookies provided by domain owners, specifically referring to Booking.com. Any cookies we place ourselves are 'first party cookies'.
Third party cookies are cookies placed in our domain by trusted partners who we select and grant permissions to. These types of cookies can be placed by social media partners, advertising partners, security partners, etc.
They can be either 'session cookies' or' permanent cookies':
Session cookies disappear when you close your browser and end the so-called 'session'. It will be deleted later.
Permanent cookies have different usage periods and remain on your device even after the browser is closed. On the Booking.com platform, we attempt to only provide (or allow third parties to provide) permanent cookies with a limited usage period. However, for security reasons or in other individual cases, we may sometimes need to utilize cookies with longer usage cycles.
Web browser cookies may store your IP address or other identity information, browser type, and information about the content you browse and interact with in electronic services. By storing this information, web browser cookies can remember your online service preferences and analyze your usage of online services.
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar tracking technologies. Our website, email, and mobile app may contain small transparent image files or code that records how you interact with them. This includes "web beacons," "scripts," "URL tracking," or "software development kits" (SDKs)
Web beacons have many different names, also known as web bugs, tracking bugs, tags, network tags, web tags, tracking pixels, pixel tags, 1x1 GIFs, or more
Transparent GIF.
Simply put, a web beacon is a 1-pixel image file that can be sent to your device as part of a webpage request in an app, advertisement, or HTML formatted email message.
Pixels can be used to retrieve information from your device, such as device type, operating system, IP address, and access time. It can also be used to maintain and read cookies in your browser or trigger the placement of cookies.
Scripts are small computer programs embedded in our web pages that can help these pages achieve various additional functions. The script ensures that the website functions properly. For example, the script implemented some security features and launched basic interactive functions on our website.
Scripts can also be used for analysis and promotion purposes. For example, scripts can collect relevant information about how you use our website, such as the pages you visit or the content you search for.
URL tracking is a link with a unique identifier used to track which website recommended you to use the Booking.com website or app. For example, you can click on it from social media pages, search engines, or our distribution partner websites.
The Software Development Kit (SDK) is a part of our app's source code. Unlike browser cookies, SDK data is stored in the app's memory,
Can be used to analyze app usage or push customized messages. To achieve the above operations, the SDK records unique identifiers such as your device ID and IP address, as well as your actions and network location within the app.
In this cookie statement, all of these technologies are collectively referred to as "cookies".
How to use cookies?
Cookies are used for the following information on mobile phones:
IP address
Device ID
Visited web pages
Browser category
Browse information
operating system
Network service operator
time stamp
Have you replied to the advertisement before
Recommended website link
The functions or operations used in the website/app
With the help of cookies, you can be identified as the same user when switching devices, switching websites, switching web pages on the same website, or using apps. Cookies can be divided into three categories based on their purpose of use: functional cookies, analytical cookies, and marketing cookies.
Functional cookies
Our website and app require this type of cookie to support operations, and using our services requires enabling this type of cookie.
Functional cookies are used to create technologically advanced and user-friendly websites and apps that automatically adapt to your needs and preferences, making it easy for you to browse and book. Necessary security and access functions can also be enabled.
More specifically, these types of cookies:
To ensure the normal operation of our website and app, you can create, log in to accounts, and manage orders.
Record your selected currency and language settings, search history, and other preferences to help you use our website and app efficiently and effectively.
Record your registration information so that you don't have to re-enter your login information every time you visit the website. (Don't worry, your password is always encrypted.)
Technical cookies
This type of cookie is used to measure and track the usage of our website and app. We use this type of information to improve our website, app, and services.
More specifically, these types of cookies:
Help us understand how you and other visitors and users use Booking.com and our app.
Help us improve our website, app, and communication to ensure our interest and relevance.
Help us identify the strengths and weaknesses of websites and apps.
Help us understand the effectiveness of advertising and communication.
Let's understand how users interact with our website and app after displaying online ads, including ads on third-party websites.
Let our business partners know if guests have used the embedded accommodation booking feature on their website.
The data we collect through such cookies includes your web browsing history, entry/exit pages, platform type, opened and operated emails, date and timestamp information. This also means that we can use relevant data on how you interact with the website or app, including the number of clicks on a certain page, mouse movement trajectory and scrolling operations, search keywords, and text entered in different areas.
Marketing cookies
This type of cookie is used by Booking.com and our trusted partners to collect information about you across time dimensions, websites, applications, or other platforms.
Marketing cookies help us determine the products, services, and interest based advertisements we display to you both on and off our website and app.
More specifically, these types of cookies:
Classify you based on your interests, such as the websites you visit and your click behavior. We use this classification information to showcase customized content (such as travel inspiration or specific accommodations) on Booking.com and other websites.
Display customized, interest based ads on Booking.com website, app, and other websites. This operation is called're marketing 'and is based on your browsing behavior, such as the destinations you search for, the accommodations and prices you have viewed, etc. It is also based on your shopping habits or other online behaviors. The services used by Booking.com mainly come from Criteo B.V. (Herengracht 124, 1015 BT Amsterdam, the Netherlandsï¼‰ï¼Œ Targeting personal re marketing advertisements based on partial information collected through our website. Criteo uses its algorithm to analyze (customers') online browsing behavior, and then recommends target products as personalized advertising banners to be displayed on other websites. Criteo's pixel technology also allows us to evaluate our advertising campaigns. You can find more technical information about Criteo in its privacy policy.
'Re marketing' advertisements can reach you before and after you leave Booking.com
The purpose of the presentation is to encourage you to browse and revisit our website. You may see such advertisements on websites, apps, or emails.
Integrate social media with our website and app. This way, you can like and share content or products on social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, Pinterest, Snapchat, and LinkedIn.
The code for these "like" and "share" buttons comes from each social media provider and is implemented through third-party cookies placed on your device,
These types of cookies can simply function or be used to track the websites you visit on their network, thereby establishing your online browsing behavior profile and displaying personalized advertisements to you. The establishment of this file was partly based on similar information received by the supplier from your access to other websites in their network.
To learn how social media providers handle your personal data related information, please refer to their cookie and/or privacy statements: Facebook (including Instagram, Messenger, and Audience Network), Snapchat, Pinterest, and Twitter. Please note that the above statement may be updated from time to time.
We collaborate with trustworthy third-party providers to collect data. We may sometimes share information with these third parties, such as your email address or photo number. These third parties may associate your data with other information they collect to create customized audiences or target advertisements. To learn how these third parties handle your data related information, please refer to the following links: How Google uses information, Facebook data policy.
Non Cookie Technology - Email Pixel
We still use other technologies, such as pixels, which we do not classify as cookies because they do not store any information on your device.
We sometimes embed pixels in emails (such as newsletters). Pixel "refers to an electronic file with a size of 1 pixel, which can be embedded in an email and loaded when you open it. By using email pixels, we can check whether the information has been delivered, whether you have viewed the message and the viewing time, as well as your click content.
We also receive this pixel information when we push notifications to you. These data statistics reflect your reading behavior to us, which we can use to optimize our messages and make them more relevant to you.
What are my options?
A web browser cookie is a small text file saved by a website in your computer or mobile device browser.
They can be either 'session cookies' or' permanent cookies':
Web browser cookies may store your IP address or other identity information, browser type, and information about the content you browse and interact with in electronic services. By storing this information, web browser cookies can remember your online service preferences and analyze your usage of online services.
Simply put, a web beacon is a 1-pixel image file that can be sent to your device as part of a webpage request in an app, advertisement, or HTML formatted email message.
Pixels can be used to retrieve information from your device, such as device type, operating system, IP address, and access time. It can also be used to maintain and read cookies in your browser or trigger the placement of cookies.
Scripts can also be used for analysis and promotion purposes. For example, scripts can collect relevant information about how you use our website, such as the pages you visit or the content you search for.
Can be used to analyze app usage or push customized messages. To achieve the above operations, the SDK records unique identifiers such as your device ID and IP address, as well as your actions and network location within the app.
Visited web pages
Browser category
Network service operator
Have you replied to the advertisement before
Recommended website link
Our website and app require this type of cookie to support operations, and using our services requires enabling this type of cookie.
More specifically, these types of cookies:
To ensure the normal operation of our website and app, you can create, log in to accounts, and manage orders.
Record your selected currency and language settings, search history, and other preferences to help you use our website and app efficiently and effectively.
Record your registration information so that you don't have to re-enter your login information every time you visit the website. (Don't worry, your password is always encrypted.)
Help us understand how you and other visitors and users use Booking.com and our app.
Help us improve our website, app, and communication to ensure our interest and relevance.
Help us identify the strengths and weaknesses of websites and apps.
Help us understand the effectiveness of advertising and communication.
Let's understand how users interact with our website and app after displaying online ads, including ads on third-party websites.
Let our business partners know if guests have used the embedded accommodation booking feature on their website.
The data we collect through such cookies includes your web browsing history, entry/exit pages, platform type, opened and operated emails, date and timestamp information. This also means that we can use relevant data on how you interact with the website or app, including the number of clicks on a certain page, mouse movement trajectory and scrolling operations, search keywords, and text entered in different areas.
Classify you based on your interests, such as the websites you visit and your click behavior. We use this classification information to showcase customized content (such as travel inspiration or specific accommodations) on Booking.com and other websites.
'Re marketing' advertisements can be displayed to you before and after you leave Booking.com, with the aim of encouraging you to browse and revisit our website
Stand up. You may see such advertisements on websites, apps, or emails.
Integrate social media with our website and app. This way, you can like and share content or products on social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, Pinterest, Snapchat, and LinkedIn.
The code for these "like" and "share" buttons comes from each social media provider and is implemented through third-party cookies placed on your device,
We still use other technologies, such as pixels, which we do not classify as cookies because they do not store any information on your device.
We sometimes embed pixels in emails (such as newsletters). Pixel "refers to an electronic file with a size of 1 pixel, which can be embedded in an email and loaded when you open it. By using email pixels, we can check whether the information has been delivered, whether you have viewed the message and the viewing time, as well as your click content.
We also receive this pixel information when we push notifications to you. These data statistics reflect your reading behavior to us, which we can use to optimize our messages and make them more relevant to you.
To learn more about cookies and to manage or delete them, please visit allaboutcookies.org or the help section of your browser.
You can accept or reject certain cookies in the settings of browsers such as Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, Firefox, or Chrome. The position of the page varies depending on the browser.
Chrome's Cookie Settings
Firefox Cookie Settings
Cookie settings for Internet Explorer
Safari's Cookie Settings
If you choose to refuse certain types of functional cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features of our services.
In addition to specific settings provided by the Booking.com website and app, you can also choose to disable certain types of cookies:
analysis
To stop Google Analytics from collecting analytics data on certain browsers, please go to the following link: Disable Google Analytics browser plugin (desktop only).
advertisement
We have been committed to collaborating with advertising and marketing companies that have joined the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and/or Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB).
NAI and IAB members adhere to industry standards and codes of conduct, and allow you to unsubscribe from behavioral advertising.
Go to www.networkadvertising. org and identify whether the company that has placed advertising cookie files on your computer is a member of NAI. To deactivate a certain NAI member behavior advertising project, simply check the corresponding box for that company.
You can also visit www.youronlinechoices.com or www.youradchoices.com to learn how to unsubscribe from personalized ads.
You may be able to restrict information sharing for the purpose of re marketing through the settings function of your mobile device. If you do this, please note that disabling a certain online advertising network does not mean that you will no longer see or accept online promotion or marketing analysis. It only means that the network you have disabled will no longer deliver advertisements customized according to your network preferences and browsing habits.
Some websites have a "Do Not Track" function, which allows you to inform the website not to track you. At present, we do not support setting 'Do not track' in the browser.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Cookie Statement, please send an email to dataprotectionoffice@booking.com .
Our cookie statement may be modified from time to time. If the update is significant and important, particularly relevant to you, or affects your data protection rights, we will contact you regarding it. We recommend that you regularly visit this webpage to stay up-to-date with any other (minor or less relevant) updates.
