Privacy Policy Update Date: July 16, 2024 Effective Date: July 16, 2024 Introduction: Beijing Calorie Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as "Keep App" or "we") attach great importance to your personal information and give you control over it. We will use strong encryption technology to protect your privacy and establish strict policies to manage all data. When you access the Keep App or use the services we provide, you need to agree to the provisions in this policy regarding how we collect, use, store, and share your relevant information. If you do not agree with any content in this privacy policy, please immediately stop using or accessing our products and services. If you have any questions about this policy, please contact: privacy@keep.com We will complete the verification and processing within 15 working days after receiving your contact. The operator of our Keep website and app is Beijing Calorie Technology Co., Ltd. or its affiliated companies. The registered address is Room 031 and Room 032, Section V, 1st Floor, Commercial Building, No. 9 Wangjing Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing. The key points of this privacy policy are as follows: i We will explain one by one the types of personal information we collect from you and their corresponding purposes, so that you can understand the specific categories, reasons for use, and collection methods of the personal information we collect for a particular function. Ii. When you use certain features, we will collect some sensitive information from you with your separate consent, unless it is required by relevant laws and regulations to be collected. Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from using specific features, but will not affect your normal use of other features of Keep App. Currently, Keep App does not actively share or transfer your personal information to third parties outside of Keep App. If there are other situations where your personal information is shared or transferred, or if you need us to share or transfer your personal information to third parties outside of Keep App, we will directly or confirm that the third party has obtained your separate consent for the above actions. In addition, we will conduct risk assessments on the behavior of providing information to external parties. Iv. You can access, correct, and delete your personal information through the channels listed in this guide, as well as withdraw your consent, cancel your account, file complaints, and set privacy functions. If you would like to learn more detailed information, please read the corresponding sections according to the following index: 1. How we collect and use your personal information 2. How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information 3. How we store your personal information 4. How we protect your personal information 5. Your personal subject rights 6. Third party service providers 7. How we use cookies and similar technologies 8. Minors clause 9. Update to this policy 10. Scope of application 11. How to contact us 12. Supplementary provisions 1. How we collect and use your personal information When providing services, we will collect and use your personal information based on the principles of legitimacy, legality, transparency, and minimum necessity, and for the purposes described in this policy. Use your personal information. （1） The basic business function service of this application is a free training course that can be used indoors. You do not need to provide us with any personal information to use this basic function service. （2） The upgrade experience function service of this application includes membership courses, paid training courses, intelligent hardware proprietary courses, training camp courses, and intelligent training plan functions. （3） The extended functions of this application include running, cycling, walking, community, food tools, physical testing, shopping mall, membership, smart hardware, Keepland, Keep Team Edition, on-site activities, and other related functions. In order to provide you with better products and intelligent services, we may need to collect the following information from you when you use upgrade experience or extended functional services. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to enjoy the corresponding functions and services. 1.1 Registration and Login Account A. When you register and log in to the Keep App, you can create an account through your phone number and complete relevant personal information (including avatar, nickname, password). Collecting this information is to help you complete the registration. You can also choose to fill in gender, date of birth, region, and personal introduction according to your own needs to improve your information. B. You can also use a third-party account to log in and use the Keep App. You will authorize us to obtain your public information (avatar, nickname, phone number (encrypted)) registered on the third-party platform for binding with the Keep App account, so that you can directly log in and use this product and related services. 1.2 Authentication When you need to use the identity authentication function or related services, according to relevant laws and regulations, you may need to provide your real identity information (real name, ID number, phone number) to complete the real name verification. This part of the information is sensitive personal information, and you can refuse to provide it. If you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to access the relevant services, but it does not affect the normal use of other functions and services. You can decide whether to bind real name authentication by going to "Avatar" - "Settings" - "Personal Information" - "My Real Name Authentication" in the upper left corner. 1.3 Transaction Information: You can purchase goods/services (including Keep membership services, Keep paid training program services, and Keep private courses) within the Keep App. You may need to pay when using this function. During the payment process, we may collect your third-party payment account (including Alipay account, WeChat account, UnionPay account). 1.4 Account Security and Abnormal Investigation During your use of our services, in order to understand product compatibility, ensure the security of your account and system operation, determine your account risks, and ensure that we provide you with normal services, we will collect and investigate abnormal information. We will collect relevant information about the services you use and how you use them, including your use of the Keep App for sports, posting comments, bullet comments or participating in topic activities in the Keep community, purchasing products or joining Keep members in the Keep store, and using Ke
Relevant information that may arise from EP membership, use of Keep paid training programs, and use of Keep hardware products or services. This type of information includes: 1.4.1 Device Information We will receive and record device related information based on your specific permissions for software installation and/or usage authorization, including your device model, operating system version information, device settings, mobile device version, device serial number, device identification code (including IDFA IDFV、IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID、AAID、VAID）、 Screen resolution, device environment, and other software and hardware feature information, as well as location related information of the device (including IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access point, Bluetooth, and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information). If you refuse to grant us the corresponding permissions during installation and/or use, we will not collect the corresponding information from you. 1.4.2 Log Information A Device or software information, including configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser, or other programs used to access our services, your IP address, and the version and device identification code used by your mobile device (including IDFA, IDFV, IMEI, AndroidID, OAID, IMSI, ICCID, GAID, MEID, AAID, VAID); B. Information searched or browsed while using our services, including web search terms you use, URL addresses of social media pages you visit, and other information and content details you browse or request when using our services; 1.4.3 IP Address A Information about the mobile applications (apps) and other software you have used, as well as information about your previous use of such mobile applications and software; B. The information you communicate through our service, including the account you have communicated with, as well as the communication time, data, and duration; C. The information (metadata) contained in the content you share through our services, including the date, time, or location of the shared photos or videos taken or uploaded. 1.5 Bluetooth If you already have relevant hardware devices (regardless of whether they are Keep brand) and wish to synchronize the information recorded by the hardware products (including heart rate, sleep information, steps, exercise data, weight, BMI, personal information that has been agreed to be uploaded, and personal body data) to the Keep App, you can achieve this by enabling the Bluetooth function. If you refuse to enable it, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it does not affect your normal use of other Keep functions. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization. 1.6 Ordering, Payment, and Order Management Services When you purchase goods or services on the Keep App, we will generate an order for you to purchase the goods or services. To fulfill your order and provide after-sales service, you need to fill in the recipient's name, shipping address, and mobile phone number during the order process. The order also includes the order number, information about the goods or services you purchased, order time, actual payment amount, and payment method you used. You can purchase goods or services for others through the Keep App. Please obtain their consent before providing their personal information. 1.7 Community: When you leave a comment in the community, we will collect the text and images of your comment. We would like to remind you that if your comment is publicly posted and contains personal information, it may pose certain risks to you. Therefore, we suggest that you carefully consider in your comments whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of other natural persons or children, you need to obtain the consent of the natural person or the child's guardian before publishing. When you leave feedback or reviews on the Keep App after purchasing a product or service, we will collect the content of your comments and reviews about the product. We would like to remind you that as the content of comments and reviews on products is publicly released, any personal information contained in them may pose certain risks to you. Therefore, we suggest that you carefully consider whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services in your comments and reviews. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of other natural persons or children, you need to obtain the consent of the natural person or the child's guardian before publishing. 1.9 Customer Service Complaints To ensure the security of your account, our call center customer service and online customer service will use your profile picture and nickname to verify your identity. When you need us to provide customer service and after-sales service related to your transaction information, we will check your order information (including recipient name, shipping address, recipient phone number, order number, information about the goods or services you purchased, order time, actual payment amount you made, and payment method you used). At the same time, we will also collect the information you provide when contacting customer service. If you do not provide the above information, our customer service will not be able to provide you with the aforementioned services, but it does not affect your use of the other services we provide. 1.10 Advertising Services In order to provide you with more convenient and personalized information display, search, and push services that meet your needs, we may reasonably send you commercial service/promotional information, the latest platform management, product content, and other service notifications deemed necessary to inform registered users through phone calls, text messages, internal messages, pop ups, and other means. In order to provide you with better service and user experience, we may associate and analyze your Keep account, browsing information, fitness needs, and personal information (including service logs, device information) that you authorize us to automatically collect to form a user profile, which can be used to recommend products or services that interest you. We guarantee that we will not use your artwork without your authorization and consent
Provide personalized advertising information to any third party that pushes it to you. We strive to ensure your browsing experience. If you do not want to accept the commercial advertisements we send you, you can unsubscribe or close them through SMS prompts or other methods we provide. Regarding pop-up notifications: If we send you commercial information through pop-up notifications, we guarantee to control the frequency of notifications within the scope allowed by relevant laws and regulations, fully consider your user experience, and scientifically plan the frequency of notifications. If you need to turn off the pop-up push, you can close the pop-up by directly clicking on the "skip" or "close" button. 1.11 Sports Data Synchronization: On the premise of fully informing the third-party software of the type of sports data synchronized to Keep App and obtaining your authorization, we will obtain the sports data generated by you in the third-party software from the third-party software and synchronize it to your Keep. 1.12 Exercise Plan Service: If you use our customized course plan service, we will collect your height information, exercise goals, maximum distance for a single run, and tablet support time to recommend a more suitable physical fitness plan for you. If you wish us to record changes in your body at the same time, you can proactively provide data on chest circumference, waist circumference, hip circumference, resting heart rate, maximum heart rate, thigh circumference, and calf circumference, and search for relevant information in our products. 1.13 Identity authentication service If you use identity authentication services (such as personal authentication, institutional authentication, talent authentication, etc.), we need you to actively provide your real name, front and back photos of your ID card (including name, date of birth, nationality, address, ID card validity period, ID number, gender), passport (including name, date of birth, nationality, passport number, passport validity period, gender, place of birth, issuing authority), hold ID card photos or passport photos and collect the above information. If you refuse to actively provide us with the above information, we will not collect your above corresponding information. 1.14 Sharing Function: When you share or receive images, videos, links, events, and other information within the Keep App that have been shared, we need to access your clipboard locally and read the passwords, sharing codes, and links contained in it to achieve functions or services such as jumping and sharing. We only upload the clipboard content to our server when we locally recognize that it belongs to commands such as jump, share, and activity linkage in Keep App. Besides, we will not upload any other information about your clipboard to our servers. Additionally, we may need to access your phone's photo album permissions in order for you to share or receive shared videos or images. Some mobile devices' systems may prompt that an app is reading a clipboard or photo album, but the system cannot distinguish whether it is being processed locally or uploaded, and due to differences in statistical methods, false positives cannot be ruled out. Therefore, if you find similar prompts and have any questions, please contact us so that we can locate the issue. Special reminder, when you share your travel itinerary (including trajectory videos, pictures, etc.), we provide you with a "privacy mode" function. After this feature is enabled, the recipient will not be able to view the specific geographic location information contained in your travel itinerary, only the route map of your travel itinerary. You can choose whether to enable this feature or not, but if the itinerary you share involves sensitive geographical locations, please make sure to enable "privacy mode" before sharing. 1.15 Team Function We provide you with team function. You can use the team function by entering your exclusive enterprise code through "Me" - "My Team" in the upper left corner. Under this feature, you can enjoy exclusive content such as your company's homepage, activities, courses, etc. The specific services and information to be collected and used under this feature are as follows: 1.15.1 Keep Team Version Account. After entering the team version, you can create your team version account and improve your team version account information. We will collect your team name, company information (such as your department), profile picture, nickname, name, phone number, employee number, team email, personal signature, and other information. 1.15.2 Team Activities The team you join may release unspecified team sports activities in the team version from time to time, and you can choose whether to participate or not. If you participate, your sports data and activity information related to your participation will be displayed on your team page, and other team members may be able to view such information. 1.15.3 Content publishing function (Sports Circle): You can publish your updates and other content when using the team function. This type of content will be displayed synchronously on the "Sports Circle" page, and other members of your team will publicly view this type of content. This type of content will also be synchronized in real-time to the "Community" section of the Keep App. 1.15.4 Internal prize distribution within the team. If you receive a prize while participating in team activities, in order to mail the prize to you, you will need to provide the recipient's shipping information for receiving the prize, including the recipient's name, contact information (phone number), shipping address, etc. 1.16 Self start function: When using the desktop plugin function on Android devices, in order to ensure the real-time and accurate data of the desktop plugin, we need to use the self start function. If you turn off this feature, it may cause the desktop plugin to not function properly. 1.17 Physical Assessment Function: When using the physical assessment function, please pay attention to wearing appropriate clothing. Under this feature, we will collect your gender, frontal photos, side photos, body information, facial information, etc. Based on this information, we will perform whole-body problem detection, bone point analysis, or specific body part problem assessment on you, and propose targeted improvement plans to you. If you refuse us to collect the aforementioned information, we will not collect it, but you will not be able to use this feature. You can also choose to actively delete your aforementioned information after using this feature. After you choose to delete, we will delete your personal information collected based on this feature in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements. （4） Keep App obtained permission 1 storage permission (1) READ_deTERNAL_STORAGE In order to provide you with a comprehensive sports experience, with your authorization, our client will automatically upload the videos and images you actively upload
Encrypt and upload videos, save updates, avatars, and recorded videos to the server for external storage; We may collect the software name and version number from your device, encrypt them, and upload them to the server for processing and storage. (2) In order to provide you with the ability to write to external storage, with your authorization, we will write/download/save/modify/delete images, files, and crash log information. You can also refuse/cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. Refusing to provide this permission will only prevent you from using the above functions, but will not affect the normal use of Keep's other functions and services; But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization. In order to provide you with a comprehensive sports experience, with your authorization, our client will encrypt and upload the videos and images you actively upload to the server for storage; At the same time, you can also refuse/cancel this permission at any time through relevant functions. Refusing to provide this permission will only prevent you from using the above functions, but will not affect the normal use of Keep's other functions and services; But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization. When you use the functions of scanning QR codes, taking photos, and shooting videos, we will access the camera permissions of your device and obtain the image and video information you upload to us based on scanning QR codes, taking photos, saving dynamics, avatars, and recording videos. If you refuse to provide permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it does not affect your normal use of other Keep functions. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization. You can authorize the device positioning function (GPS function), access the rough location function, or access the background location function to use our location-based services. Of course, you can also stop our collection of your geographic location information at any time by turning off the positioning function. The services we provide to you based on location permissions include: (1) Outdoor sports: When you engage in outdoor running, walking, or cycling activities, we need to use your location information to accurately record your movement trajectory. At the same time, when you are in motion and switch the Keep App to run in the background (without closing or exiting the app), we will still obtain your location information to ensure that your exercise scene proceeds normally. (2) Binding smart sports devices: When you actively initiate the binding of smart sports devices (such as treadmills) to the Keep App, in order to complete the binding service, we need to obtain your location information in order to discover the correct smart devices that need to be bound. (3) Posting content with location information: When you post content with your location information (such as community updates, videos, comments, etc.) in the Keep App, you need to actively authorize and enable your location permission in order to complete the content publishing. (4) Discovering local information and using local recommendations: When you want to browse local information and discover local content, you need to obtain your location information so that we can recommend local content more accurately for you. (5) Recommended offline sports venues: When you purchase offline sports courses through our Keepland section, we need to obtain your location information in order to recommend sports content and related activities in your city to you. If you refuse to authorize location information, we will not be able to accurately recommend offline sports venues for you, but this does not affect your use of other services in the Keepland section, such as booking exercise classes. In certain functional scenarios, we may retrieve the most recent geographic location information (cached geographic location information) that has been authorized by you. These scenarios may include: (1) when you actively interrupt the app process or encounter abnormal situations such as system crashes, in order to ensure the accuracy and completeness of motion data, we will read the most recent geographic location information that has been authorized by you before the program interruption from the cache, in order to be used for judging and discovering system abnormal behavior; (2) After you finish outdoor activities, if you need to use the friend teaming function, in order to help you better match friends who exercise nearby, we will obtain your most recent geographic location information; (3) When you are on the dynamic sharing page, in order to share and recommend other sports routes that you may be interested in, we will obtain your most recent geographic location information. You can allow us to access your activity and fitness training records, and record step frequency and step count information by reading your activity and fitness training. At the same time, you can also cancel the authorization of this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; Refusing to provide this permission will only prevent you from using the above features and services, but will not affect the normal use of Keep's other features and services. But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your revocation of authorization will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization. When you use the recording video function, we will access your device's microphone and recording related permissions. We need to collect your voice information and voice interaction information. If you refuse to provide it, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it does not affect your normal use of other Keep functions. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. But when
After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization. When you use our smart hardware (such as wristbands), we will access your phone permissions to read your phone status and apply for your call answering permission to provide you with the ability to answer calls. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization. After granting this permission, Keep App can access or obtain WLAN and local cellular networks to ensure that you can use the screen mirroring function or other functions on this software normally. After you grant this permission, we can push course, activity notifications, and training reminders to you. 9 Sports and Fitness If you are using an iOS device, in order to calculate your training consumption, with your authorization, we will receive and send your exercise data from the "Sports and Fitness" section of the iOS system. To simplify your input process, we will retrieve your weight data from 'Sports and Fitness'. At the same time, based on your separate consent, the training data generated by you on the Keep App will be synchronized with the iOS system's "Exercise and Fitness". Any information obtained through the use of 'Sports and Fitness', including weight and heart rate data, will not be shared with any third party, including advertisers and other agents, nor will we use the' Sports and Fitness' information for marketing, advertising, and similar services. When you schedule live courses or videos, set calendar reminders, and other activities or functions, we will access your calendar permissions and need to collect your system calendar information. If you refuse authorization, it will only prevent you from using the corresponding function, but it does not affect your normal use of other Keep functions. At the same time, you can also cancel the authorization of this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our information processing and storage based on your previous authorization. When you use the Keep App to identify and access the virtual space of the medal, you need to authorize us to access your NFC permissions in order to access and read NFC information, and provide you with medal identification card recognition services. If you refuse authorization, it will only prevent you from using the corresponding function, but it does not affect your normal use of other Keep functions. Reminder: You can revoke/deny device access permissions granted to Keep at any time in the top left corner of the "Me" page in the Keep App, under "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Manage Device Privacy Authorization" page. If you refuse to provide this permission, it will only prevent you from using the above functions, but it will not affect the normal use of Keep's other functions and services; But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer have access to that permission and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; And unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization. （5） We may also collect other non personal information that cannot be identified as specific individuals and does not belong to personal information, such as statistical data generated when you use specific services. The purpose of collecting such information is to improve the services we provide to you. The type and quantity of information collected depend on how you use our products or services. （6） According to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information without seeking your authorization and consent in the following situations: A. necessary for entering into and fulfilling contracts to which you are a party, or necessary for implementing human resource management in accordance with legally established labor regulations and collective contracts; B、 Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations; C、 Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations; D、 To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range; E、 Process personal information that individuals have voluntarily disclosed or other legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of this law; F、  Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. （7） We promise that we will not display advertisements to you based on sensitive categories such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health status. We will not share information that can be used to identify your personal identity with advertisers, such as your name or email address (unless authorized by you); At no time and under no circumstances will we transfer or share your personal information with any third party without authorization. We will only use the information obtained under this agreement within the scope permitted by law. We will establish strict policies to protect your personal information, and will not disclose or provide this information to third parties unless we have obtained your prior authorization or as otherwise specified in this statement. The third-party services in the Keep App service are provided by external third-party entities, and Keep App cannot obtain the information generated when you use such third-party services. However, if you have expressly agreed to the third party obtaining your geographical location information, the third party will obtain your terminal geographical location information through the Keep App interface. This information is sensitive information, and refusing to provide it will only prevent you from using the third-party services mentioned above, but it will not affect your normal use of the Keep App's functions. Please understand that the features and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a feature or service is not mentioned in the above description and has collected your information, we will prompt you through the page
We will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of information collection through interactive processes, website announcements, and other means to obtain your consent. Please note that if the personal information processing activities required for Keep App to conduct business exceed the scope of your authorized consent when providing personal information to third parties, we will obtain your explicit consent before processing such personal information; In addition, we will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, and require third parties to ensure the legality of the information they provide. 5 &nbsp; We will not provide your personal information to anyone unless with your separate consent. 2、 How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information To improve efficiency and reduce costs, we may entrust related parties to process your personal information on our behalf. For example, we may hire our related parties to provide us with infrastructure technology services and customer support services. We will require companies, organizations, and individuals entrusted by us to process personal information to comply with strict confidentiality obligations and take effective confidentiality measures through written agreements and on-site audits. We require them to only process your information within the scope of the commission and not use your information for their own interests. We will also supervise the personal information processing activities of the entrusted parties. When the commission contract is not effective, invalid, revoked or terminated, we will require the trustee to return personal information or delete personal information, and shall not retain it. Our entrusted parties include: 1.1 Authorized partners for in app push services: Push partners will use SDKs (software development kits) in the services we provide, which may access information such as your system language, network type, IP address, photo album, device information, external storage status, recent geographic location information, network location information, persistent location, WiFi information (BSSID), application installation list, but will not collect your personal identity information. These pieces of information are used to create internal user IDs to help us better conduct accurate information push, avoid duplicate delivery of information, and cause information interference to you. 1.2 Authorized partners for statistical services: Statistical partners will use SDKs (software development kits) in the services we provide, which may access information such as your network type, WiFi information (BSSID), IDFA, IDFV, but will not collect your personal identity information. These pieces of information are intended to assist us in analyzing the usage of product features, in order to better improve our products and/or services and enhance your user experience. 2. In addition to the personal information we actively collect, the text, photos, and videos you post through the Keep App, as well as the information uploaded during the use of social networking services, are only stored as data on our servers. In accordance with the requirements of the Cybersecurity Law, the Personal Information Protection Law, and other laws, regulations, and regulatory policies, we will not collect your information for other commercial purposes or information sharing. However, when it complies with relevant national laws, regulations, policies, or requirements of relevant national departments, we will use your information within the scope permitted by law, such as searching and filtering whether there is any content in your information that does not comply with laws, regulations, violates public order and good customs, and submit it to relevant national departments for suspected use. Information that violates relevant laws and regulations. Please carefully consider the information content uploaded, published, and communicated through our services. In some cases, you may control the scope of users who have the right to browse your shared information through the privacy settings of certain of our services. You can delete the information you upload, post or share on your own. If you request us to delete your relevant information, please send an email to privacy@keep.com Contact us and make your request. We will complete, verify and process it within 15 working days after receiving it. We will not provide your personal information to other personal information processors. In the following situations, when we provide your personal information to other third-party personal information processors, we will inform you of the recipient's name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information involved in a single scenario through pop ups or additional notifications, and obtain your separate consent. At present, our authorized partners mainly include the following types: 2.1 Sensor Application Scenario Declaration Sensor Type Sensor Name Application Scenario Recipient TYPE_STEP_COUNTER Step Counting Sensor Daily Step Data Access, helping users record daily walking. Users can independently upload offline step data KeepTYPE_SSTEP_DETECTOR Step Counting Sensor Outdoor Running and Walking Usage, used to record the number and frequency of steps taken by users during outdoor exercise, and estimate consumption data based on this KeepTYPE-ACELEROMeter Acceleration Sensor Outdoor Running, Walking, and Cycling Usage, calculating outdoor exercise step frequency, pace, and consumption based on step information KeepTYPE-MAGNETIC-FIELD Directional Sensor Outdoor Running, Walking, and Cycling Usage, drawing user profiles based on directional information. Sports Map KeepTYPE-PRESSURE Pressure Sensor Outdoor Running, Walking When cycling, we use KeepTYPE-GYROSCOPE gyroscope to obtain altitude information based on atmospheric pressure, and calculate the altitude and climb distance during outdoor activities. When running, walking, or cycling outdoors, we use KeepTYPE-GYROSCOPE gyroscope to calculate and correct outdoor speed and acceleration information based on the gyroscope's rotation rate. Keep2.2 is shared with third-party service providers/business partners. To ensure the provision of the services described in this privacy policy, we may share necessary personal information with third-party service providers/business partners. 2.2.1 This includes our logistics suppliers, data centers, data storage facilities, customer service providers, advertising and marketing service providers, and other business partners. These third parties may represent Keep App or process your personal information for one or more purposes under this Privacy Policy. We guarantee to share with you only for legitimate, lawful, necessary, specific, and clear purposes
Personal information necessary for providing services. Keep App will conduct due diligence and sign contracts to ensure that third-party service providers comply with relevant national laws, regulations, and policy requirements or the requirements of relevant national departments. Third party service providers may also have their own sub processors. 2.2.2 Marketing authorized partners: When you choose to participate in our marketing activities, you need to provide your name, mailing address, contact information, and bank account information according to the needs of the activity, so that the third-party logistics company can provide you with prizes in a timely manner. With your separate consent, we will share the above information with third parties so that they can provide you with prizes in a timely manner. 2.2.3 In order to provide performance measurement, analysis, and other commercial services, we may also share information (non personal information) with third parties (such as our advertisers) in aggregated form. We use the information we have to assist advertisers and other partners in evaluating the effectiveness and coverage of their advertisements and services, as well as understanding the types of people who use their services and how they interact with their websites, applications, and services. We may also share general usage trends of our services with them, such as the number of customers in specific groups who purchase certain products or engage in certain transactions. 2.2.4 Situation of accessing third-party services: We may access third-party SDK services and share some of your information collected in accordance with this policy with such third-party service providers in order to improve customer service and user experience. Please be informed that for specific information about our sharing with third parties, you can refer to the 'Keep Third Party Information Sharing List'. If you want to revoke your consent to share information during use, you can decide whether to change your authorization behavior by going to "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Third Party Data Cooperation" in the upper left corner of the "Me" page in the Keep App. If you refuse, it will only prevent you from using the revoked authorization function, but it will not affect the normal use of Keep's other functions and services; But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; And unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization. 3. If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we will inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient, and require the recipient to continue to fulfill the obligations of a personal information processor. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, we will require your consent to be obtained again. 4. Public Disclosure: We will not disclose your personal information unless we obtain your separate consent. 3、 How do we store your personal information? 1 We will store the information obtained from within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we will not transfer your personal information overseas. 2. We promise to store your personal information within a reasonable and necessary period in accordance with legal regulations. After the above deadline, we will delete your personal information. When our products or services cease operation, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information within a reasonable period of time. 4、 How do we protect your personal information? 1 We strive to provide security for users' information to prevent information leakage, loss, improper use, unauthorized access, and disclosure. We use multi-faceted security measures to ensure that users' personal information protection is at a reasonable level of security, including technical protection measures, management system controls, security system guarantees, and many other aspects. At the same time, we will conduct personal information protection impact assessments in accordance with regulatory requirements. 2. In order to protect the security of your personal information, we will strive to take various industry standard security measures to protect your personal information and minimize the risk of loss, damage, theft, leakage, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, and alteration of your personal information. We will use various security measures within a reasonable level of security to ensure the security of information, including: (1) using encryption technologies (such as TLS), anonymization processing, etc. to ensure the privacy of your data during transmission; (2) Provide multiple security features to assist you in protecting the security of your account; (3) Review our practices in collecting, storing, and processing information (including physical security measures) to prevent unauthorized access to our systems; (4) All Keep employees, contractors, and agents who must access personal information for providing services must comply with the strict confidentiality obligations stipulated in the contract, otherwise they may be disciplined or terminated; (5) We establish a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards to manage and regulate the storage and use of personal information, ensuring that personal information unrelated to the services we provide is not collected. 3. Your account has security protection functions, please keep your account and password information safe. Keep will ensure that your information is not lost, abused, or altered through security measures such as backing up to other servers and encrypting user passwords. Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen the security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee the security of information 100% due to technical restrictions and possible malicious means. We will try our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide us. You acknowledge and understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may experience issues due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, in order to prevent safety accidents from occurring, we have established a proper warning mechanism and emergency plan in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations. If a security incident does occur, we will promptly inform you of the relevant situation through email, phone, push notifications, and other means. If it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements
Closely cooperate with the work of government agencies. At the same time, we strongly recommend that you pay full attention to the protection of personal information when using products and services, take active measures to protect the security of personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your personal information such as account passwords to others. We will also provide various security features to assist you in protecting your personal information security. 4. We have obtained the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection (Level 3), and have met the requirements of domestic authoritative certification standards in information security, and have obtained corresponding certificates. We adopt industry-leading technology protection measures, including but not limited to network firewalls, encryption (such as TLS), de identification or anonymization processing, access control measures, host network isolation, etc. In addition, we will continuously enhance the security capabilities of the software installed on your device. For example, we will complete some information encryption work locally on your device to consolidate secure transmission. 5. We strictly limit the scope of personnel accessing information, require them to comply with confidentiality obligations and conduct audits, and those who violate obligations will be punished according to regulations. We will also review the management system, processes, and organization to prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of user information. We recommend that you pay full attention to the protection of personal information when using products and services, and we will also provide various security features to assist you in protecting your personal information security. 6. What can you do? You can set a unique password for Keep App by not disclosing your login password or account information to anyone (unless authorized by you) to prevent other website passwords from leaking and endangering the security of your Keep App account. Please do not disclose the verification code you received to anyone, including those claiming to be Keep App customer service, at any time. Whenever you log in to Keep App as a user of Keep App account, especially when you log in on someone else's computer, mobile phone or public Internet terminal, you should always log out at the end of use. Keep App is not responsible for any security breaches caused by third-party access to your personal information due to your failure to maintain privacy. Notwithstanding the above provisions, if any other Internet user uses your account without authorization or any other security vulnerability occurs, you should immediately notify us. Your assistance will help us protect the privacy of your personal information. 5、 We attach great importance to your personal subject rights in managing your personal information and make every effort to protect your rights to access, update, change, export, delete, and withdraw consent to your personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to maintain your privacy and personal information security. When using our products and services, you will be required to provide your true personal information. You are responsible for the authenticity, legality, validity, and completeness of the information you provide, and should update and maintain your personal information in a timely manner to ensure the authenticity, legality, and validity of the information. You can manage your personal information at any time, such as your personal account registration information. 2. Through the design of the interactive interface, we provide you with a channel to access, query, and correct relevant personal information on your own. You can set it up in the following ways: 2.2.1 You can access and correct your personal information, including avatar, nickname, gender (can only be modified once every six months), birthday, city, and profile, by clicking on "Me" in the upper left corner, then clicking on "Settings" and selecting "Personal Information"; 2.2.2 You can set, access, and correct account information, including mobile phone numbers and third-party platform accounts (including WeChat, Weibo, QQ, Apple ID, and Huawei accounts), through the "Me" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" option in the upper left corner; 2.2.3 You can access and correct your privacy information, including Weibo recommendation settings, location information settings, message acceptance settings, and display content settings, through the "Me" - "Settings" - "Privacy" option in the upper left corner; 2.2.4 You can set, access, and correct relevant information through "Me" - "Settings" - "Messages and Reminders" in the upper left corner, including @ settings, like notifications, fan notifications, system notifications, message notifications, sports reminders, and course displays. 2.2.5 You can set, access, and correct team information through "Me" - "My Team" in the upper left corner, including team avatar, nickname, name, phone number, employee number, team email, personalized signature, mailing address, and other information. 3. You can delete your content or personal information from your Keep account on your own, or request us to delete or modify information. For example, if you want to delete your personal account, you can send an email to privacy@keep.com Contact us and make your request. We will contact you within 15 working days after receiving it and complete the verification and processing. In some cases, we may retain data for a limited period of time for legal purposes or legitimate business needs. We will do our best to ensure that Keep's services can protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Therefore, if you delete certain content, we may remove its copy from our current and backup systems within 15 business days. 5. You can copy and export the content under your personal account name at any time or use it for non Keep services. You can send an email to privacy@keep.com Contact us and make your request. We will complete the verification and processing within 15 working days after receiving your contact. 6. Withdrawal of Consent You may withdraw the consent previously granted to us for specific purposes, including the collection, use, and/or disclosure of your personal information that we hold or control, by submitting a request. Depending on the specific service you are using, you can access the Keep App Account Management Center or send an email to privacy@keep.com Perform relevant operations. We will process your request within a reasonable time after you make it, and will not collect, use, and/or disclose your personal information thereafter based on your request. Depending on the scope of your withdrawal of consent, it may result in you being unable to continue enjoying it
Products or services offered by Keep App. However, your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the validity of our previous personal information processing activities based on your consent. After you withdraw your privacy policy authorization, we will no longer process your personal information. At the same time, we will delete all your personal information. Unless you register a Keep account again, you will no longer be able to continue using the product features provided by Keep. Please proceed with caution. 7. Cancellation of Services or Account: If you wish to cancel a specific product or service, you can cancel your account by clicking on "Me" in the upper left corner, then selecting "Settings", "Account and Security", and finally choosing "Cancel Account". After you cancel your account, we will delete your personal information. If you wish to cancel your Keep App account, please be cautious as the cancellation process may prevent you from using all Keep App products or services. To ensure security, we will promptly process your request after verifying your identity. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic. 9. The right to process the personal information of the deceased, provided that it complies with relevant legal requirements, your close relatives may exercise the above-mentioned rights to access, copy, correct, delete, etc. your relevant personal information; Unless you have other arrangements. 6、 Third party service provider 1 For the convenience of your access and to enhance your experience, there may be products or services provided by third parties. You can choose whether to access such content or links, or whether to use the third-party's products or services. But we do not have control over the products or services provided by third parties. We cannot control any personal information held by third parties about you. The issue of information protection when using third-party products or services does not apply to the management of this policy. This policy also does not apply to any information that you choose to provide to third parties. Please review the privacy protection policy of this third party. 7、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies? Cookies are small files containing strings that are sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, cookies enable the website to recognize your browser. Cookies can also store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to reject all cookies or prompt when sending cookies. But without cookies, some website features or services may not work properly. Cookies and similar technologies are commonly used in the Internet. When you use Keep related services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and store information about your access and use of Keep. We consider information collected through cookies and other technologies as non personal information. We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services: 1 To ensure the security and efficient operation of our products and services, we may set authentication and security cookies or anonymous identifiers to confirm whether you have safely logged into our services or have encountered illegal activities such as theft or fraud. These technologies will also help us improve service efficiency, enhance login and response speed. 2. Help you get a more relaxed access experience. Using such technology can help you avoid the steps and processes of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering search content, such as implementing a one click login process and recording search history. 3. To recommend, display, and push content that may interest you, we may use cookies and similar technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, conduct consultation or data analysis to improve product services and user experience. Like most websites, we collect specific information and save it in the log file. Such information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), reference/exit pages, operating systems, date/time stamps, and/or click stream data. We will not associate automatically collected log data with other information we collect. In some mobile applications, we use mobile analytics software to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as the frequency of your use of the application, events that occur within the application, cumulative usage, performance data, and the location of the application crash. We will not associate the information stored in the analysis software with any personal information you submit in the mobile application. 6. Local Storage - HTML5/Flash We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs), such as HTML5 or Flash, to store content. Third parties who collaborate with us to provide certain features on the Keep App or advertise based on your browsing behavior may also collect and store relevant information through HTML5 or Flash cookies. Various browsers provide their own management tools to delete HTML5 local storage objects. 8、 Clause 1 for Minors General Terms for Minors 1.1 If you are a minor who is over 14 years old but under 18 years old, before using Keep and related services, you should jointly read and agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians. 1.2 If you are a child under the age of 14, your guardian should read and agree to this privacy policy and the "Child Personal Information Protection Policy and Guardian Notice" before using Keep and related services. The 'Child Personal Information Protection Policy and Guardian Notice' is a part of this privacy policy. 1.3 We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations, and will only do so with the explicit consent or protection of parents or other guardians, as permitted by law
Collecting, using, sharing, or disclosing personal information of minors when necessary for adults; If we find that personal information of minors has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from parents or other guardians in advance, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. At the same time, we have established strict rules for the collection and use of information on minors to protect the personal information security of children and adolescents. You can learn more specific content by reading the "Minor User Agreement". 1.4 We believe that it is the responsibility of parents or guardians to supervise children's use of our products or services. We do not directly provide services to children, nor do we use children's personal information for marketing purposes. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, or believe that the minor has submitted personal information to the Keep App, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in Article 11 of this Privacy Policy. 2. In the underage mode, you can turn it on or off through the "Me" page in the top left corner of the Keep App - "Settings" - "underage mode". When the mode is turned on, the community will only recommend content for underage users to browse. If you want to turn off this mode, you need to enter a pre-set password to do so. 9、 Update to this policy 1 We may periodically modify and update this privacy policy. Regarding updates to the privacy policy, we will publish them in the Keep App in the form of notifications and announcements. You can visit the Keep App to check the latest version of the privacy policy. For significant changes, we will issue a solemn notice to you. The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: 1.1 Significant changes in our product and/or service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used; 1.2 We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc; 1.3 Changes in the main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure; 1.4 There has been a significant change in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the way you exercise it; When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change; When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks. By agreeing and continuing to use the Keep App, you agree to the content of this policy (including updated versions). If you do not agree, please do not use the Keep App. 2. If you want to withdraw your consent authorization during use, you can decide whether to change your authorization behavior by selecting "Avatar" - "Settings" - "Privacy" - "Withdrawal of Privacy Policy Authorization" in the upper left corner. But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer provide you with the collection of this information, nor can we provide you with upgraded experience function services and extended function services, only providing you with basic business function services. 10、 Scope of application: 1 Our privacy policy applies to all services provided by Beijing Calorie Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates, including services provided on Keep App and www.keep.com, but does not include services with independent privacy policies (such as products and services provided by third parties). 2. Our privacy policy does not apply to products and services provided by third parties, such as those provided by third parties on the Keep App and www.keep.com, as well as other websites linked to in our services. These products, services, or websites will have separate privacy policies to regulate them. Please refer to the corresponding policy provisions separately. 3. Our privacy policy does not cover the information processing policies of other companies and organizations that advertise our services or may use our cookies or other log information to advertise and use ads. 11、 How to contact us? You can contact us through the following ways: 1 If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through Keep App's online customer service; If you find that your personal information may have been leaked, you can file a complaint or report through the Keep App. We will contact you within 15 working days and complete the verification and processing; 3. We have established a personal information protection department, and you can contact us via email privacy@keep.com Please contact us at 010-86399205, and we will contact you within 15 working days to complete the verification and processing. 4. If you find that there are algorithm discrimination, "big data killing", traffic fraud, induced addiction and other violations affecting the normal communication order, market order and social order in Keep App's Internet algorithm recommendation, you can complain and report through Keep App, and we will contact you within 15 working days to complete the verification and processing. 12、 Appendix 1 The interpretation and dispute resolution of this policy shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. Any disputes related to this policy shall be resolved through friendly consultation between both parties; If the dispute cannot be resolved through negotiation, you hereby agree to submit it to the Beijing Arbitration Commission for arbitration in Beijing. The arbitration award is final and binding on both parties. If any provision of this policy is found to be invalid through arbitration, that provision shall be removed from this policy, but the invalidity of that provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this policy. The remaining terms of this policy will continue to be implemented. 3. The affiliated companies referred to in this policy refer to other enterprises directly invested or indirectly controlled by the platform entity, as well as two or more enterprises controlled by the same enterprise, such as Beijing Calorie Information Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing Calorie Sports Co., Ltd., Calorie Sports Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Calorie Technology Co., Ltd., etc. 4. The title of this policy is designed for ease of reading only and does not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this policy.
