Beijing Momo Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we") is well aware of the importance of personal information to you and will do our best to protect the security and reliability of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, and so on. At the same time, we promise to adopt mature security solutions in the industry and take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information. In view of this, we have formulated this "Momo Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy/this privacy policy") and remind you:
This policy applies to Momo and Momo Speed Edition (hereinafter referred to as "Momo") products or services.
This policy does not apply to services provided to you by other third parties, nor does it apply to products or services that have separately set up privacy policies.
Before using any products or services of Momo, please carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline. You should focus on reading and confirm that you fully understand and agree before using the relevant products or services. If you refuse this policy, you can only enter the visitor mode for browsing. To ensure the safe operation of software and services, Momo will collect relevant device information and permissions when triggered at corresponding function points.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information? 2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies? 3. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information? 4. How do we protect your personal information? 5. How do you manage your personal information? 6. How do we handle the personal information of minors? 7. How do we store your personal information? 8. How do we update this privacy policy? 9. How do we contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify a specific natural person's identity or reflect their activities, including name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.
Personal sensitive information
Clearly mark sensitive personal information in bold
The content contained in personal information and sensitive personal information comes from GB/T35273 "Personal Information Security Specification".
You understand and agree that:
1. We are committed to creating a diverse range of products and services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, and the specific product/service scope chosen by different users, the type and scope of personal information collected and used may vary accordingly. Please refer to the specific product/service functions for accuracy;
2. We may use the information collected through certain functions for our other services. For example, we may use the information we collect when you use one of our features or services to provide you with specific content in another feature or service, including displaying advertisements, providing information security prompts for the content you have read, indirectly profiling people based on feature tags, and providing more accurate and personalized services and content. If we use your personal information beyond the stated purpose and scope of direct or reasonable association at the time of collection, we will inform you again and obtain your explicit consent before using your personal information.
3. To provide you with a better product and service experience, we are continuously striving to improve our technology. As a result, we may introduce new or optimized features from time to time, which may require the collection and use of new personal information or changes to the purpose or method of using personal information. We will separately explain to you the purpose, scope, and usage of the corresponding information through updating this policy, pop ups, page prompts, and other means. We will also provide you with the option to choose and agree, and collect and use the information with your explicit consent. During this process, if you have any questions, opinions or suggestions, you can contact us through the various contact methods we provide, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
The types of personal information collected for the functions of the products or services we provide, as well as the rules for collecting and using personal information (such as the purpose and method of collecting and using personal information), are as follows:
Nickname, avatar, gender, date of birth, mobile phone number, intended username and password
(Avatar, nickname, and other page prompts)
We may obtain your registered account information (avatar, nickname, and other authorized information) on third-party platforms based on your authorization, and bind it to your Momo account, allowing you to directly log in and use our products and/or services through the third-party account
In the process of registering and using the service, if you provide the following information to complete your personal information: birthday, hometown, zodiac sign, occupation, school, income, height, your real profile picture, personal signature, location and footprint, purchase of houses and cars, purpose of making friends, work area, etc., it will help us provide you with better service and experience. We can provide personalized services related to the above information for you. But if you do not provide this information, it will only prevent you from using or participating in personalized services related to it, and will not affect the basic functions of using Momo products or services.
Equipment information:
(including your authorized GPS location and sensor information such as WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base stations). Service log information:
Please note that individual device information, log information, etc. are information that cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person.
To provide you with more convenient and personalized information display and push services that meet your needs, we will extract your preference features based on your device information and service log information, and generate indirect audience portraits based on feature tags for displaying and pushing information and possible commercial advertisements
Album, camera, microphone permissions
Identity information (real name and ID number number), biometrics (static or dynamic facial features)
Relevant requirements based on laws and regulations
Please note that your real name authentication information may also be used by us for anti addiction related functions or services.
Please note that the information you publicly post may involve personal information or even sensitive personal information of yourself or others, such as when you choose to upload images containing personal information when posting updates. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services.
Identity information (real name and ID number number), biometrics (static or dynamic facial features).
Location permissions,
After obtaining geographical location information, you can browse nearby people and updates.
Service log information
Account information, device information, log information, and transaction record information.
Microphone, photo album, camera, geographic location
personal information.
The account name information corresponding to the bank card.
Alipay account information
Identity authentication information (real name, ID number, biometrics).
We need you to provide necessary personal information to verify your user identity.
Your communication/call records and content (including account information, other information provided by you to prove relevant facts, such as proof of consumption, proof of guardianship, proof of relationship, etc., or contact information left by you),
In addition, when you query the bound Momo number through the real name information, to ensure the security of the account, we need you to fill in your real name, ID number and verify through face recognition to confirm that it is your own operation. We only verify this information and will not retain any related information unless Momo obtains your consent in accordance with laws and regulations. The above information contains sensitive personal information, and you may refuse to provide it. If you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to access the relevant services, but it does not affect the normal use of other functions.
Address book permissions,
Irreversible encryption of address book information and collection of only encrypted information
We may use or integrate your user information, transaction information, device information, relevant network logs, and information that our affiliated companies and partners have obtained your authorization or legally shared with us,
You can use the products or services provided by our affiliated companies through the link entrance provided by us through the Momo account. In order to facilitate our provision of one-stop services to you based on the affiliated account and facilitate your unified management, we will display your information or recommend information that interests you in Momo, including information from live broadcasts and games. You can discover and use the above services through functions such as Momo homepage and "More".
Access permissions for location information (geographic location), cameras (cameras), photo albums (image libraries), microphones (voice), and contacts,
Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
You acknowledge and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information (such as phone number) provided by you during the use of the product and/or service, for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, etc; In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. However, please rest assured that if you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in your mobile SMS.
When you use the message push service, we need you to enable self startup to ensure that the application can receive client push messages normally when it is closed or running in the background, to avoid missing messages. Therefore, there may be a self startup behavior of awakening Momo through the system, which is necessary to ensure timely delivery of messages. You can manage app launch in device settings, but closing it may cause a delay in receiving your messages.
15. When you use the Momo service, for the purpose of information sharing, participating in related activities, etc., we may call the clipboard and use the minimum necessary information related to the function (password, link, statistical parameters, etc.). We will only upload the clipboard content to our server when we recognize that it belongs to the Momo sharing command, and we will not upload other information in your clipboard.
We will collect your sensor information (gyroscope, pedometer, light, acceleration, magnetic field, distance, rotation vector, direction, gravity acceleration, etc.), and use the sensors to obtain the device status (direction, angle, acceleration, etc.) for shaking function or adjusting the picture angle during shooting and gaming to help you experience the product at the correct angle or adjust the sound playback mode (earpiece speaker conversion) when speaking, providing you with better adaptation effect and ensuring account security, and providing you with a safe and reliable product and usage environment.
If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing this personal information to Momo.
If we use the information for purposes not specified in this policy, or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, or if we actively obtain your personal information from third parties, we will obtain your consent in advance
19. If we indirectly obtain your information from a third party, we will explicitly request the third party in writing to collect personal information after obtaining your consent in accordance with the law, and inform you of the content of the shared information. If sensitive information is involved, it must be confirmed by you before being provided to us for use. We require the third party to make a commitment to the legality and compliance of the source of personal information. If the third party violates the law, we will explicitly require the other party to bear corresponding legal responsibilities; At the same time, our professional security team will provide security protection for personal information, including sensitive information classification, access control for sensitive information usage, and encrypted storage of sensitive information. We will use no less protective measures and measures than we do for our own users' personal information to protect indirectly obtained personal information.
Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
You fully understand and agree that we do not require your authorization or consent to collect and use your personal information in the following situations, and we may not agree to your requests for correction/modification, deletion, cancellation, withdrawal of consent, or request for information:
1. Necessary to enter into or perform a contract based on your request;
2. Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
3. Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
5. Process your self disclosed personal information or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range;
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations;
Take technical and other necessary measures to process personal information, so that the data recipient cannot re identify specific individuals and cannot recover them,
The use of such processed data does not require separate notification to you and your consent.
If we cease to operate Momo products or services, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold.
2、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the website, provide you with a more relaxed visiting experience, and recommend content that may be of interest to you, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store your preferences and other data. You can perform the corresponding data clearing operation in the browser. If you clear it, you may not be able to use the services or corresponding functions provided by us that rely on cookies.
（2） Cookie like technology
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies on our website. For example, the internal notifications we send to you may contain address links to our website content. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we can proactively improve our customer service experience. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
3、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
We are aware of the corresponding legal responsibilities for sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information to external parties. We will only share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information within the scope stipulated in this privacy policy
（1） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Momo service providers, except in the following circumstances:
1. Sharing with explicit consent: With your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation dispute resolution needs, or as required by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law.
In order to facilitate the provision of services to you by Momo Group, recommend information that may be of interest to you, identify account anomalies, or protect the personal and property safety of Momo Group or other users or the public from infringement, your personal information may be shared within Momo Group.
We may entrust authorized partners to provide you with certain services or perform functions on our behalf,
At present, our authorized partners include the following types:
(1) Authorized partners for advertising and analytics services. We will not share your personal identity information with partners who provide advertising and analytics services unless we obtain your permission. We will entrust these partners to handle information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness, but we will not provide your personally identifiable information, or we will de identify this information so that it does not identify you personally. These types of partners may combine the above information with other legally obtained data to perform advertising services or decision-making recommendations that we have commissioned.
(2) Suppliers, service providers, and other partners. We send information to suppliers, service providers, and other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of advertising and services, providing customer service, facilitating payment, or conducting academic research and surveys.
5. In order to enable you to use the following services and features, our application will integrate third-party SDKs: "Third Party SDK Catalog"
We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with authorized partners on strict data protection measures to process personal information in accordance with our entrusted purposes, service instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, or bankruptcy liquidation, or other situations involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, we will require the company, organization, or individual to seek your authorization and consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. We may publicly disclose your personal information with your explicit consent or based on your voluntary choice;
2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated the relevant agreement rules of Momo, or to protect the personal and property safety of Momo and its affiliated company users or the public from infringement, we may disclose information about you with your consent in accordance with laws and regulations or Momo's relevant agreement rules
Your personal information, including relevant violations and measures taken by Momo against you.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
1. Related to our obligations under laws and regulations;
2. Related to national security and defense security;
3. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
6. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
7. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
If we take technical and other necessary measures to process personal information, making it impossible for the data recipient to re identify specific individuals and restore them, then the sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of such processed data do not require further notice to you and your consent.
4、 How do we protect your personal information
（1） We strive to provide security protection for users' personal information to prevent illegal use, unauthorized access and disclosure, leakage, damage and loss of users' personal information. We will use various security measures within a reasonable level of security to ensure the security of information. For example, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL), anonymization processing, encrypted storage, and other means to protect your personal information; Establish a trusted protection mechanism to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; Establish access control mechanisms, adhere to the principle of minimum privilege, and ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; Conduct security and personal information protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of protecting personal information.
At present, Momo has passed the national network security level protection (Level 3) filing and evaluation, ensuring that its information security protection capabilities meet relevant national requirements.
（2） We have an industry-leading data security management system centered around data lifecycle, which enhances the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions such as management structure, organizational construction, institutional system, and product technology. We establish specialized management systems, processes, and organizations to ensure the security of personal information. For example, we strictly limit the scope of personnel accessing information, require them to comply with confidentiality obligations, and conduct audits. If there is a personal information leakage or other security incident, we will activate the emergency plan to prevent the security incident from expanding, and inform you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc.
（3） We will take reasonable and feasible measures to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information as much as possible.
We strongly recommend that you do not use communication methods not recommended by Momo to send personal information.
If you find that your personal information, especially your account or password, has been leaked, please contact Momo customer service immediately so that we can take corresponding measures according to your application.
Please note that the information you voluntarily share or even publicly share when using our services may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information, such as when you post updates or choose to upload images containing personal information in public places such as group chats and circles. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services.
Please use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us.
At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
5、 How do you manage your personal information
You can access and manage your personal information through the following methods:
（1） Retrieve, correct, and supplement your personal information, and obtain a copy of your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. You can access, correct, delete, and copy your personal information through the following methods:
Account Information - If you wish to access or edit personal identification information in your account, such as phone binding, payment information, changing your password, adding security information, or closing your account, you can perform such operations by logging into your account through "More" - "Settings" - "Account and Security".
Personal Information - If you wish to access or edit your personal information such as nickname, profile picture, hometown, date of birth, height, monthly income, occupation, school, voice introduction, personal signature, and location footprint, you can do so by logging into your account through "More" - "View or Edit Personal Information".
Dynamic information - You can log in to your account and access or clear your dynamic publishing history through "My Dynamics".
If you are unable to access, correct, delete, or copy such personal information through the above methods, you can contact us at any time through Momo customer service. We will reply to your visit request within 15 days.
For other personal information generated during your use of our products or services, we will provide it to you in accordance with the relevant arrangements in "(7) Responding to your above requests" of this clause.
（2） Delete your personal information
You can delete some of your personal information through the methods listed in "(1) Querying, correcting, or supplementing your personal information and obtaining a copy of your personal information".
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent;
3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you voluntarily cancel your account;
5. If we permanently cease to provide you with products or services.
If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible, requesting them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, or these subjects have obtained your independent authorization.
When you or we assist you in deleting information from our services, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations
According to regulations, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
（3） Change the scope of your authorized consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed (see Article 1 of this Privacy Policy). In addition, for the collection and use of additional personal information, you can provide or revoke your authorization and consent in more settings or by contacting Momo customer service. For example, you can revoke your consent for other users to find your authorization through their phone number in the "More Settings Privacy" section of the Momo app. You can choose whether to receive system notifications sent by Momo in the device settings, and you can also set the scope of in app feature notifications you want to receive in the Momo APP "More Settings Message Notifications".
But your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing that has been carried out based on your authorization.
（4） Personal Information Subject Account Cancellation
You can submit an account cancellation application on the "Account Cancellation" page (for example, MOMO Momo APP "More - Settings - Account and Security - Account Cancellation").
After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products or services, delete your personal information as required by applicable laws, or anonymize it.
（5） Rights and Interests of the Deceased's Account
If a Momo user unfortunately passes away, the account that has not been cancelled by the deceased will become a commemorative account. We will still protect the security of the user's personal information in the commemorative account. The deceased's close relatives can contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" in this privacy policy. On the premise of not violating the deceased's arrangements before death and not infringing on the legitimate interests of others and the public, they can access, copy, correct, and delete the deceased's personal information after completing the identity verification procedures to exercise their legal and legitimate rights and interests as stipulated by laws and regulations.
（6） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to demand an explanation from us, and we will also provide an appeal method on the premise of not infringing on Momo's trade secrets or other user rights and social public interests.
When you register and log in to Momo to browse updates, live broadcasts, and other recommended content, in order to provide you with more convenient and personalized information display and push services that meet your needs, we will use a personalized recommendation model to recommend content that you may be interested in based on device information and service log information collected in accordance with the law, combined with other authorized location information, gender, age, and other account information that you have independently filled in or filtered. We will provide real-time feedback on the recommendation model based on your content browsing and other related behaviors during the use of the product, continuously optimize the recommendation results, and better provide you with services that better meet your needs. Please be informed that we have de identified the above information, and the personalized recommendation algorithm we use cannot and will not recognize the true identity of specific individuals. It only provides more relevant and rich information based on user behavior and characteristics.
At the same time, we help you achieve control and autonomous decision-making over recommended content through the following measures:
1. If you do not wish to be recommended personalized content, you can turn off personalized content recommendation services in the "More Settings Privacy Personalized Recommendation Settings" section of the Momo APP. When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, we will not be able to provide you with personalized content services. We will display and recommend content to you based on non personalized factors such as content popularity.
2. If you do not want to be recommended personalized ads, you can choose whether to receive personalized ad recommendations in the "More Settings Privacy Personalized Recommendation Settings" section of the Momo APP. After turning it off, the relevance of the preferences of the ads you see will decrease, and only universal ads that are unrelated to your preferences will be pushed to you.
3. When you are not interested in specific content or wish to reduce recommendations for certain types of content, you can click on the "Not interested" button in the upper right corner of the corresponding content page, and we will adjust our strategy based on your feedback. At the same time, we also provide a reporting portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
（7） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will provide a response within 15 days. If you are not satisfied, you can also file a complaint through Momo customer service.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee at our discretion. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request:
1. Related to national security and defense security;
2. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. There is sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
5. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
6. Involving trade secrets.
6、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
No minors under the age of 18 are allowed to create their own user accounts and/or use our services.
You understand and promise that the registration information you provide to us is genuine. If it is identified through mechanisms related to underage protection that your account poses a risk of underage use, we will provide you with a youth protection service model. If you believe that you are not a minor, please appeal for real name authentication. After the authentication is passed, we will immediately restore your account to its original usage status.
7、 How do we store your personal information
The personal information we collect and generate during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China.
generally speaking
We will store and retain your personal information for 6 months from the date we obtain it when you use the service until you cancel your account.
After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws.
When our products or services cease operation, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information or anonymize it within a reasonable period of time.
8、 How to update this privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change.
Without your explicit consent, we will not restrict the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. For major changes, we will provide significant notifications (including notification through Momo public announcement and even providing pop-up prompts to you).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in terms of control and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by mergers and acquisitions;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
We will also archive older versions of this privacy policy for your reference.
9、 How to contact us
You can contact us through the following methods, and we will reply to your request within 15 days:
1. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through online customer service in the Momo APP under "More" - "Settings" - "My Customer Service";
2. If you find that personal information may be leaked, you can send an email to dataprivacy@hellogroup.com Complaints and reports;
3. Our registered address and commonly used office address are 222002, 20th floor, Building 6, No.1 Futong East Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing. The contact information of the person in charge of personal information protection is dataprivacy@hellogroup.com .
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile.
