Update Date: April 29, 2024
Effective Date: May 6th, 2024
introduction
Soul App is a social application software provided by Shanghai Anymen Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies (registered address: Room 304, 3rd Floor, Building 1, No. 400 Fangchun Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, hereinafter referred to as "we" or "Soul") for users (hereinafter referred to as "you", please refer to the keyword definition for details), including mobile applications, mini programs, and fast apps (hereinafter referred to as "Soul App"). We provide you with functions such as "soul matching, post reply, chat" through the Soul App. We may also provide you with other products and/or services now or in the future (hereinafter referred to as "Soul products and/or services or this product and/or service", please refer to the keyword definition for details). We have formulated the "Soul App Personal Information Protection Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") in accordance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, and protect the security of your personal information.
All Soul products and/or services are subject to this policy. This policy introduces the purpose, method, scope, retention period, and information security protection measures for processing your personal information in the process of providing Soul products and/or services to you, as well as the ways and procedures for you to exercise your legal rights. Please be aware that Soul does not use cookies or other similar technologies to track your personal information. Please carefully read this policy in conjunction with our Soul App User Service Agreement and use Soul products and/or services with your agreement to the terms of this policy. We will use bold writing to indicate all key content.
Here are our special tips, please pay close attention to them:
For sensitive personal information, we use a bold italic writing style for special reminders, hoping that you will pay special attention when reading. Before providing us with any of your personal sensitive information, you have carefully considered and hereby confirm that such provision is appropriate. You agree that your personal sensitive information may be processed in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this policy.
2. The ways to realize personal information rights include but are not limited to accessing, copying, correcting, supplementing, deleting, canceling, revoking authorization, requesting us to explain this policy, and receiving timely responses to ensure that you have control over your personal information.
3. We will strictly process your personal information in accordance with this policy and your consent. If you do not agree with this policy, you should stop using Soul products and/or services.
4. Please understand that after the Soul App is updated, if you are a minor under the age of 18, please do not register for the Soul App. If you are a minor under the age of 18 but have registered a Soul account before the Soul App (version number: 3.8.36) update, we will provide you with a youth protection service mode. Regarding the specific content and limitations of the youth protection service model, please refer to the actual page display.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
catalogue
1. How to collect and use your personal information
2. How to entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and disclosure of your personal information
3. How do you manage your personal information
4. How to store your personal information
5. How to protect your personal information
6. How to protect the personal information of minors
7. How to update this policy
8. How to contact us
9. Supplementary Provisions
10. Keyword Definition
1. How to collect and use your personal information
We will collect and use your personal information based on the principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, and integrity, for the purposes described in this policy. If we use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or collect your personal information for other specific purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again before use.
1.1 Personal information voluntarily provided by you during the process of providing products and/or services to you
To achieve our basic business functions, we need to collect the following personal information from you. If you refuse to provide it, we will not be able to provide you with the corresponding services. Reminder: If any content you upload or post on the Soul App contains personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the personal information subject; If it contains sensitive personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained the individual consent of the personal information subject.
(1) Account registration, login, and verification
When you register a Soul account in the Soul App, you need to provide us with the following information to complete the registration:
1) Your mobile phone number and SMS verification code: We will send you a SMS verification code based on the mobile phone number you provide to verify your identity. If you do not provide the SMS verification code you received, it will result in registration failure and you will also be unable to register and continue using this product and/or service. Please be advised that the mobile phone number you provide will serve as your user account for future use of the Soul App and as your user identification for logging into this product.
2) Password information: You can also set a login password for your account. This information is not necessary and you have the right to choose to log in using your phone number with a password or only through a mobile verification code.
3) Third party user information: If you choose to log in with a third-party user account, you agree that we will collect your WeChat nickname, avatar, and/or Apple username and email name based on your selection.
4) Date of Birth: We will determine your age based on the date of birth you provide. If you are under 18 years old or do not provide us with your date of birth information during registration, you will not be able to register as our user and continue to use this product and/or service.
5) Gender and Nickname: We will provide gender matching services based on the gender information you provide. Failure to provide such information will result in registration failure, and you will not be able to register and continue using this product and/or service.
6) Answering situation for 'Soul Test': You need to answer the questions we have set for you
To complete the registration, we will assign you to the suitable virtual community "Planet" based on your answer results (please refer to the keyword definition for details). This assignment will not have any substantial impact on your rights. In addition, we will make a preliminary assessment of your personality based on your answer results, in order to match or recommend suitable chat partners and "dynamic moments" for you in the future (please refer to the keyword definition for details). The feature of Soul App is targeted matching based on the user's personality and interests. If you refuse to answer such personality test questions, it will result in registration failure and you will not be able to continue registering and using this product and/or service.
When you complete the registration process and obtain the Soul account by providing the above information, it is deemed that you have successfully logged in to the Soul App and are always logged in. In order to protect your account security, you agree that we will process your account information for risk control purposes. In addition, in order to facilitate public supervision for the public interest, you understand and agree that we will display the Internet Protocol (IP) address location information on your account homepage, "Dynamic Moment" release page and comments, display the corresponding provincial information in China, and display the corresponding national (regional) information overseas. The information is subject to the network operator data. Please understand that this information will not disclose your detailed address.
If you need to log out of the login status and log in again, you need to enter your phone number, enter the login password set during registration, or choose to receive SMS verification code to complete the login. You can also choose the one click login method for login. Based on our cooperation with communication operators and related third parties, when you use the "one click login" function, with your consent, we will use the functions provided by the operator and related third parties to use the phone number in your device as your registration and login account, and exempt from password or dynamic verification code verification, providing you with fast registration and login services. For detailed information on the collection of your personal information under this method, please refer to Section 1.5 of this policy. If you do not wish to use the 'one click login' feature, you can register and log in to the Soul App through other means.
(2) Retrieve password
When you need to retrieve your password, you need to provide the phone number you provided during registration and the SMS verification code you received to verify your identity. After verification, you need to set a new password instead of the original password so that you can choose to log in to the Soul App with your phone number and password next time.
(3) Mobile number change binding
If you wish to change the phone number you provided during registration while maintaining your login status, you need to go to [Settings - Account and Security - Change Binding Phone] and enter your new phone number. After entering the verification code received for the new phone number, you can complete the conversion.
If you request to change your phone number for login after logging out due to the original phone number no longer being used, you need to follow the prompts on the page to verify the account password, nickname, gender, registration date, registration city, commonly used city, commonly used device, email and other information (if any) that you have previously provided. We will decide whether to approve your application for account change based on the security status of your account, or to add real name verification and approve your application for account change, or reject your application. If you have any questions about our handling, you can contact us for assistance.
(4) Real name authentication and age correction
When you use certain types of products and/or services in the Soul App (including being the initiator of a "group chat party" (please refer to the keyword definition for details), being the group owner of a text group, "community SSR authentication" (please refer to the keyword definition for details), joining a campus bar, using "Soul Amusement Park" and third-party game services connected to Soul, account suspension appeal, and overseas mobile login scenarios), you need to complete real name authentication.
If you use the real name authentication method provided by Soul, you need to provide us with your real name and ID card number information. You agree and authorize us to provide, query, and verify your aforementioned identity information to relevant real name authentication agencies (national online gaming regulatory authorities, public security departments, or other agencies commissioned/cooperating with them, third-party organizations with authentication qualifications). Without your explicit consent or clear legal regulations, we will not use your real name authentication information for any other purpose. At the same time, we will ask you to undergo facial recognition verification, which is provided by a third party (Alibaba Cloud). We only obtain the verification results and will not collect your facial information. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the specific types of products and/or services mentioned above.
You can also perform real name authentication by downloading the "National Network Identity Authentication" app (except for underage identification scenarios). This authentication service is provided by the public security department. We only obtain real name authentication results and will not collect your real name identity information.
In addition, during risk control requirements and account suspension appeals, in order to verify that your account is held by yourself, we will also use the real name mobile phone number you used during registration for three factor authentication.
If you apply to join the campus, in order to verify your identity as a current student, we will also collect and verify your information on the Student Information Network, student ID card, or campus card. You can choose any of the above methods to complete the verification, and new students can also choose to take a photo of the admission notice for verification.
If you are a user who registered as a minor before the Soul App update but is actually over 18 years old, and wish to change the age you filled in during registration to your actual age, you also need to undergo the above real name authentication. After authentication, you can change the age to match your ID card.
(5) Information content publishing, browsing, liking, and sharing functions
When you post "Instant" or comment on others' "Instant", we will review the legality and compliance of the text messages, recorded/uploaded images, audio, and video you post/send, and use these contents as evidence for user complaints and reports. If you do not wish to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the functions related to publishing information content.
In order to enhance your experience of posting "Moments", before you click "Publish" to confirm the upload, we will temporarily load the content to the server and automatically recognize the content you input through technical means and recommend relevant content to you
Topic, to help more users discover your "moments" after you "publish". If you do not accept the recommendation, you can close it through Article 3.5 of this agreement. If you cancel the publication or fail to upload for other reasons, we will immediately delete the content.
Keyword definition
）The social application software provided includes mobile applications, mini programs, and fast apps (hereinafter referred to as "Soul App"). We provide you with functions such as "soul matching, post reply, chat" through the Soul App. We may also provide you with other products and/or services (hereinafter referred to as "Soul products and/or services" or "this product and/or service") now or in the future. For details, please refer to
）. We have formulated the "Soul App Personal Information Protection Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") in accordance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, and protect the security of your personal information.
Please be aware that Soul does not use cookies or other similar technologies to track your personal information.
Please carefully read this policy in conjunction with our Soul App User Service Agreement and use Soul products and/or services with your agreement to the terms of this policy. We will use bold writing to indicate all key content.
Here are our special tips, please pay close attention to them:
For sensitive personal information, we use a bold italic writing style for special reminders, hoping that you will pay special attention when reading. Before providing us with any of your personal sensitive information, you have carefully considered and hereby confirm that such provision is appropriate. You agree that your personal sensitive information may be processed in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this policy.
2. The ways to realize personal information rights include but are not limited to accessing, copying, correcting, supplementing, deleting, canceling, revoking authorization, requesting us to explain this policy, and receiving timely responses to ensure that you have control over your personal information.
3. We will strictly process your personal information in accordance with this policy and your consent. If you do not agree with this policy, you should stop using Soul products and/or services.
If you are a minor under the age of 18 but have registered a Soul account before the Soul App (version number: 3.8.36) update, we will provide you with a youth protection service mode. Regarding the specific content and limitations of the youth protection service model, please refer to the actual page display.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1. How to collect and use your personal information
When you browse information in functions such as "same city", we will only display relevant information content based on the user's IP address. The IP address only corresponds to the location of the city/district, and will not be used or leaked without the user's consent.
(6) Chat and matching function
You can communicate with other users through the matching or "chat" function provided in the Soul App.
When you use the "Video Match"/"Group Chat Party" ("Virtual Live" gameplay) function, we will process your facial information based on your choices (special effects mask your face), rather than displaying your appearance realistically. We will process and recognize your facial information locally on your device to provide you with facial masking tools and better visual effects.
When you use voice chat functions such as "voice matching"/"group chat party", in order to achieve voice call/chat functions, you need to provide your voice information.
When you enable the "Adventure Bell" function or use location related matching functions, we will apply to use your geographic location information to match nearby friends. If you refuse to grant location permission but turn on the "Adventure Bell", we will perform fuzzy geographic location matching based on your IP address. You can turn off this feature at any time in the "Adventure Bell" settings.
You can chat and communicate with other users through the matching and "chat" functions provided by Soul App (including "group chat party", "text group" and other multi person chat functions). You can choose text chat and/or voice chat according to different chat scenarios, and upload pictures, audio and video according to your needs (except for "video matching", "voice matching", "group chat party" and other scenarios that only allow video/voice chat). If you want to synchronize the last 50 chat records of users who meet certain triggering conditions (such as chatting full of a heart), you can turn it on by clicking "Settings - Accessibility - Message Sync"; If you want to synchronize chat records with all users, you can enable it by clicking on "Chat Settings - Message Cloud Roaming" (currently only available for "Super Star People").
Please understand that, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we will use the text messages, recorded/uploaded images, audio, and video you post/send for content legality and compliance review, as well as for the protection of minors. We will also use these contents as evidence for user complaints and reports. If you do not wish to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the corresponding function. At the same time, please be aware that for the text messages, uploaded images, audio, and video you post/send in the "Square", we will not only conduct content legality and compliance audits, but also extract keyword information to achieve the functions described in Article 1.1.1 (8) of this policy. However, you can close them according to the guidance in Article 3.5 of this policy.
(7) Interactive actions such as' shake 'and' shake '
You can participate in the interactive scenes or achieve interactive effects of Soul App through actions such as "shake" and "shake" (including Adventure Bell, planet shake, rotating camera shooting, advertising interaction). We will use your device sensor information (including gyroscope sensor information, acceleration sensor information, gravity sensor information) to recognize your actions, display interactive scenes or achieve interactive effects for you. But please understand that individual device sensor information does not belong to your personal information.
(8) Intelligent dialogue and interactive services
We provide you with intelligent dialogue and interactive services based on generative artificial intelligence modeling technology, including "AI Goudan", "Echoes of Another World", "Werewolf Awakening" and others
Real time dialogue function of artificial intelligence. In order to provide you with intelligent conversation and interactive services, we may collect behavioral data generated during your use of the app (including registration time, public "moments", text interaction records, and network logs). Under the premise of being processed by secure encryption technology, strictly de identified, and unable to re identify specific individuals, we may use the collected data for model training and continuously adjust and optimize the performance of the model.
If you do not wish for your relevant data to be used for model training optimization or the aforementioned functions, you may choose to disable this feature or contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy to request the withdrawal of using your data for model training optimization or the aforementioned functions. If you would like to know the basic information of the model provided by Soul App for intelligent dialogue function, please refer to the "Soul Generative Artificial Intelligence Service Agreement".
(9) Personalized matching and recommendation
Personalized matching and recommendation are one of the core features of Soul App. In order to provide you with better quality and more tailored services that meet your needs, and to provide you with a better user experience with Soul products and/or services, we may, subject to legal regulations, conduct data analysis based on the personal information you voluntarily provide when using this product, the information provided by our partners with your consent, and the personal information we actively collect from you. We will conduct comprehensive statistics and analyze user characteristics and preferences through specific algorithms to form a profile, in order to display or provide you with information that you are interested in and more in line with your actual needs, or push specific functions and/or services that are more suitable for you. Specifically:
1) Personalized content: In order to display, recommend or push graphic, text, video/group/party/"instant" topics that you may be interested in, provide search results, recommend products and services, we will use the basic information you provided when registering (including age/birthday, gender, location, attraction sign, academic situation), behavioral data generated during your use of the service (including registration time, "instant", user interaction records, network logs), consumption situation and device information to form user attribute classification, and adopt different content display strategies for users with different attributes. For example, if you state in the gravity tag that you enjoy traveling, we may show you more content with travel topic tags;
2) Personalized advertising: In order to display, recommend, or push advertisements that match and are more closely related to your preferences, we will use the basic information you provided when registering (including age/birthday, gender, location, time zone, and gravity sign), the behavioral data you generated during your use of the service (including ad clicks, conversions, network logs), device information, and network type to form user characteristic tags. Based on the target audience type specified by the advertiser, we will automatically deliver advertisements to relevant users through the system. For example, if you are a female user, we may advertise cosmetics to you;
3) Personalized matching: In order to display, recommend or push users with higher relevance to you in "user matching" functions such as soul matching, love ringtone, etc., we will use the basic information you provided when registering (including age/birthday, gender, location, attraction sign), behavior data generated during your use of the service (including "moments", user interaction, matching records, network logs), consumption situation and device information to form a user profile, and provide users with suitable chat partners with similar hobbies. For example, if your location is in Beijing, we may match you with users who are also located in Beijing.
Please be advised that when using the "User Matching" feature on the Soul App, you can choose the gender of the friends you wish to chat with. If such information is not provided, it will not affect your normal matching function, but it may not be possible to accurately match chat partners of interest gender.
If you request to exit the automated decision-making mode related to personalized matching and recommendation, you can handle it in accordance with Article 3.5 of this policy.
(9) Search function
When you use the "search" function in this product and/or service, you need to provide us with the keyword information you input to display the content you need and your search history. You can choose to delete your search history. If you do not wish to provide the above information, please do not use the search function.
(10) Feedback on opinions
If you have any feedback about this product and/or service, you can provide it through "Self" - "Settings" - "Help and Feedback" - "Suggestions" in the Soul App. You need to provide a description of your opinion and upload proof photos to help us understand the issue you raised and find corresponding solutions. In order to provide timely feedback on your feedback, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number so that we can contact you in a timely manner.
(11) Marketing activities
In order to provide you with better services, we may reasonably send you commercial service information through SMS. If you do not want to receive such commercial marketing activity information, you can reply with "unsubscribe" through SMS prompts or contact us through Article 8 of this policy to unsubscribe or close. After successful unsubscribe, we will no longer send you this type of SMS.
In order to facilitate your understanding of the relevant information and discounts of products and services, we will recommend marketing activity information to you through product and service display pages, internal messages, etc. based on your consumption records and usage preferences. If you do not agree to receive personalized marketing information, you may refuse in accordance with Article 3.5 of this Agreement.
1.1.2 In order to provide you with a better user experience, we will provide you with the following extended business functions. When you use these functions, we will collect your personal information for specific purposes. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use the following extended business functions, but it will not affect the normal use of your basic business functions.
(1) Soul camera/emoji recording
When you use the 'Soul Camera/Emoji Recorder' to take corresponding photos or record videos, we will process and recognize the specific content captured by your camera locally on your device, providing you with targeted stickers, special effects rendering, and other effects. Please be advised that if the content you shoot/record includes others
For personal information, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the personal information subject; If it contains sensitive personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained the individual consent of the personal information subject.
(2) Block mobile contacts
If you do not wish to be matched with contacts in your mobile phone address book when using this product and/or service, you need to grant us access to your mobile phone address book so that we can block matching/display users who have registered a Soul account with the selected phone number according to your choice. To achieve this function, we will collect the names and phone numbers of the contacts in your phone's address book. If you refuse to provide the above information, the aforementioned functions will not be implemented.
(3) Gift purchase and mailing
We will regularly hold online/offline events with different themes and select lucky users to give away Soul App merchandise gifts. When you receive our gift notification, you need to provide your recipient's name, shipping address, and contact information so that we can send you the corresponding gift. If you refuse to provide such information, we will not be able to send you the gift.
If you purchase or receive physical gifts from other users in the Soul App, you need to provide us with the redemption application code, as well as the recipient's name, shipping address, and mobile phone number. If you refuse to provide the above information, the aforementioned functions will not be implemented. If you provide personal information of others in your shipping information, please ensure that you have obtained their consent.
1.2 Personal Information We Actively Collect During the Process of Providing You with Products and/or Services
Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, in order to ensure the security of your account and provide you with better services, we will collect and use the following information generated during your use of Soul products and/or services:
1.2.1 Equipment Information
In order to adapt the Soul App to your mobile device, provide you with a secure and trustworthy product and usage environment, and ensure the safe operation of the Soul App, when you use the Soul App, based on the specific permissions you grant during software installation and use, we will collect your device model, device identification code (including Device ID/IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/IDFV/OPEN UDID/GUID/OAID/MEID, advertising ID, SIM card phone number, IMSI, ICCID, device serial number), software list, device operating status information, system version, MCC, MNC, Mac address information (including phone Mac address and Bluetooth Mac address), device sensor information, and external virtual device serial number. Keyboard recognition, running process information. Collecting this information is to assist us in bug analysis, anti cheating, anti black production and other security protection work, to ensure your normal use of this product and/or service, to improve and optimize our product experience, and to safeguard your account security. At the same time, unless otherwise specified in this policy, we will not provide your device information to any third party. However, we cannot guarantee that other third parties will not obtain your device information through other means and combine it with other information to identify your personal identity. If any losses are caused to you as a result, you should claim compensation from the third party. The above device information is the basic information collected for providing services. If you do not want us to collect the above device information, it may result in us being unable to provide you with normal services.
Please be informed that in order to assist us in bug analysis, anti cheating, anti black production and other security protection work, ensure your normal use of this product and/or service, improve and optimize our product experience, and ensure the security of your account, we will collect your Mac address information (including mobile Mac address and Bluetooth Mac address) and IMEI when your Soul App switches to the background or is in a silent state.
1.2.2 Log Information
When you use Soul products and/or services, we collect your relevant network log information, including app crashes, system activity information, device connectivity, browsing history, click history, software usage history, and IP address information. We collect the above information in order to better use it for security maintenance and optimization of our products and/or services, and to provide you with a better user experience. The above log information is the basic information collected for providing services. If you do not want us to collect the above log information, it may cause us to be unable to provide you with normal services.
1.2.3 Geographic location information
After you agree to enable your location permission, we will collect your geographic location information for displaying your location when you post, matching and informing your friends to appear nearby, or matching nearby users or dynamic moments for you. If you refuse our collection of such information, the aforementioned functions will not function properly, but it will not affect your use of other features of the Soul App.
To protect your legitimate rights and interests (cracking down on black industries, preventing fraud) and maintain the safe operation of this product and/or service, we will collect information about the base stations connected to your device (including base station status LAC、BID、NID、SID、 Signal strength) and WIFI information (including BSSID, SSID, signal strength).
1.2.4 Consumption Record Information
When you use the third-party payment function provided by this product for recharging and consumption, we will collect and save your recharge and consumption record information, order information, and reconciliation information to confirm your payment instructions and assist you in completing the payment. At the same time, such information will also serve as proof of your recharge and consumption.
1.2.5 clipboard information
When you use Soul products and/or services, we will use the clipboard function on your device and read the contents of the clipboard to achieve: when you write the link or sharing code generated by sharing a specific activity into the clipboard, you will be automatically redirected to the corresponding activity content when you open the Soul App, making it convenient for you to browse activity information; We can unlock more features and provide more comprehensive services for you based on the contents of the clipboard. But we only upload the clipboard content to our server when we recognize that it belongs to Soul App sharing. We do not
It will read other information from your clipboard. At the same time, we will also read your clipboard information for risk control purposes.
1.3.  System permissions invoked by Soul App
As mentioned above, in order to provide you with Soul products and/or services, we may need to use the system permissions on your device (excluding permissions accessed by third parties) to collect relevant personal information. Although we have already covered it in the previous chapters, this section will summarize and organize all the system permissions used by the Soul App for a more systematic, complete, and transparent presentation to you. You can choose whether to authorize us to use the relevant permissions of your device. If you do not authorize us to use the relevant permissions, it may cause some services to be unavailable, but it does not affect your use of other features of the Soul App.
1.3.1.  Album and storage permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will use the album reading and storage function on your device. This feature will be used to upload text, images, videos, and other content from your device, as well as cache text, images, and video content generated during your use of Soul products and/or services. Please be informed that we will not automatically read the stored content of your local album. We will only obtain image/video data after you agree to enable this permission and actively select the corresponding image in the album. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not function properly.
1.3.2.  Microphone permission
After you agree to enable this permission, we will use the microphone function on your device and recognize the voice messages you upload. This permission will be used to implement voice input and voice conversion functions, and to collect and recognize the voice information input during the implementation of the above functions. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not be available.
1.3.3.  Message push permission
After you agree to enable this permission, we will push you a message so that you can receive and understand the notifications we send in a timely manner. If you refuse this authorization, you will not be able to receive the messages we push to you.
1.3.4.  Camera permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will use the camera shooting function on your device. This feature will be used to implement photo shooting and video recording functions, and to collect and identify information from the pictures and videos captured or recorded during the implementation of these functions. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not be available.
1.3.5.  Address book permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will access your device's address book to obtain the names and phone numbers of the contacts in your address book. This information will be used to block the contacts in your address book or invite them to register for the Soul App according to your selection. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not be available.
1.3.6.  Read application installation list permission
After you agree to enable this permission, we will collect your application installation list to protect your legitimate rights and interests (such as cracking down on black industries) and enrich your profile, so that we can achieve the functions described in Article 1.1.1 (8) of this agreement.
1.3.7.  Geographic location permission
After you agree to enable this permission, we will collect your geographical location information for displaying your geographical location, matching and informing your friends to appear nearby when you post, or matching and recommending nearby users or dynamic moments for you. If you refuse such authorization, the above functions will not be implemented.
1.3.8.  Floating window permission
In order to suspend content such as "group chat party", "music floating ball", "voice matching", "video matching", private chat voice and video on other content, we will apply to use your floating window permission. If you refuse such authorization, the above functions will not be implemented.
1.3.9.  Calendar permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will access your calendar and help you add schedule reminders. If you refuse this authorization, the above functions will not be implemented.
1.3.10.  Access permission for device information
After you agree to enable this permission, in order to protect your account and login security, we will collect your corresponding device information for optimizing user experience, security checks, identifying whether it is a commonly used device, and device binding status. If you are an Android system user, refusing this authorization will result in you being unable to use this product and/or service normally. If you are an iOS system user and are restricted by the iOS system, you may not be able to directly refuse or turn off the above authorization. However, for some device information (such as IDFA information, which is subject to the actual situation updated by iOS system policies from time to time), you can choose whether to authorize us to collect it. If you refuse authorization, we may not be able to provide you with corresponding functions or services (such as: if you refuse us to collect your IDFA information, we will not be able to provide personalized display for you based on IDFA tracking identifiers).
1.3.11.  Accessing the network and obtaining network status permissions
Our app can only connect to the internet after you agree to enable this permission. At the same time, for the purpose of risk control and service provision, we can also monitor network changes and alert users to the current network environment. Refusing this authorization will result in your inability to use this product and/or service normally.
1.4.  Please be informed that in order to update the status of desktop widget components and ensure that the function of clicking on the desktop widget to enter the Soul App can be used normally, we have used AppWidgetProvider. This may result in the Soul App showing a self starting condition in the system interface/logs/backend records (depending on your terminal model), but this is a necessary step to ensure that the Soul App provides services normally. In addition, due to our provision of instant messaging functionality, in order to ensure that we can receive client message push notifications normally when the Soul App is closed or running in the background, we or third-party message push service providers connected to us need to use self starting capabilities. Therefore, there may be a certain frequency of self starting behavior that wakes up the Soul App through the system, but this is necessary to ensure message reach.
1.5.  We obtain your personal information from third parties
We may collect and cooperate with third parties (our partners) within the scope of your consent
Use your personal information. We guarantee to process your personal information in accordance with the contract signed with a third party and relevant laws and regulations. At the same time, please read the third party's personal information protection policy and user agreement in detail. If you refuse to allow third parties to collect and use your personal information while providing services, it may result in you being unable to use some Soul products and/or services.
1.6.  Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to laws and regulations, collecting and using your personal information in the following situations does not require your consent:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) According to the Personal Information Protection Law, handle personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
2. How to entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and disclosure of your personal information
2.1.  Entrusted processing
In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, certain functions may be provided by our technical service partners, and we may entrust our partners to process some of your personal information. For companies, organizations, and individuals entrusted by us to process your personal information, we will explicitly require them in the cooperation agreement they sign to process your personal information only in accordance with our requirements, the provisions of this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures, and to supervise their personal information processing activities.. We will entrust third-party SDK providers who provide technical services to process your personal information. These third-party providers will process your personal information based on their needs when you use the Soul App, or when you switch the Soul App to the background or when it is in a silent state.
2.2.  share
We will not share your personal information with any third-party company, organization, or individual unless it is based on legal regulations or one or more of the following circumstances exist:
(1) Based on your own requests or with your explicit consent or authorization obtained in advance;
(2) We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation dispute resolution needs, or as required by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law;
(3) Shared with partners: In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, some of our services will be provided by our partners. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. We will take reasonable security control measures for the software toolkits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by our partners to obtain information, in order to protect data security. At the same time, we will explicitly require our partners to comply with relevant laws and regulations in the cooperation agreement they sign to protect and process your personal information. We will require our partners to have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
Please be informed that the sharing partner is the data controller and has obtained your consent in their own name to process your personal information. The cooperating party may have its own independent privacy policy and user agreement. We recommend that you carefully read and comply with the third-party user agreement and privacy policy. If you refuse our partners to collect personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the corresponding services.
At present, our partners include the following types. Regarding the identity of the partners, the purpose and scope of collecting personal information, please click to view the "Third Party Personal Information Sharing List" for detailed information:
a) Third party SDK partners. Please be informed that in order to ensure the stability of the push channel and ensure timely delivery of messages, some third-party SDK partners may have a certain frequency of associated activation behavior, which is necessary for implementing message push services.
b) Advertising partners. To assist in advertising placement or provide commercial decision-making advice, improve effective advertising reach, and further understand user needs, we will share your de identified device information or user profile statistics with advertisers and/or their authorized agents, advertising service providers, and advertising monitoring companies (collectively referred to as "advertising partners"). Without the use of additional information, this information is difficult or impossible to associate with your true identity. To protect your information security, we will sign strict data security agreements with advertising partners.
c) Game partners. When you use game services provided by third parties through the Soul App, if the third party needs to use your personal information, we will provide your user ID, account nickname, avatar, and gender to the third-party game partners with your authorization and consent. We will not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent. To protect your information security, we will sign strict data security agreements with third-party gaming partners.
d) A partner that provides technical services such as infrastructure and security monitoring. In order to improve the security of Soul products and/or service systems, protect account security, monitor account risks, record and analyze risk links, troubleshoot system problems and abnormal information on the platform, and conduct anti fraud and anti theft, we may provide your mobile phone number, ID card number, geographical location information, and login IP address to the technical service provider responsible for system construction, maintenance, management, and evaluation to analyze the use of our services, measure the effectiveness of our services, provide customer services, and investigate.
e) Gift service partners. If you purchase or receive physical gifts from other users through the Soul App, we will provide the recipient's name, shipping address, and mobile phone number to the LinkedMall system operated by Alibaba Cloud Computing Co., Ltd. and the gift supplier partners connected through the system,
To assist you in successfully redeeming and mailing physical gifts.
Please be informed that you can actively disclose and share your relevant information on third-party platforms (such as WeChat friends/Moments/QQ, etc.) by using the functions provided by Soul products and/or services. In this case, shared information will be disseminated instantly and widely. Once you share such information, it is difficult to ensure that when you need to delete information, the information you share will be deleted in all Internet platforms that accept forwarding. In some cases, even if you delete the information you share from Soul products and/or services, such information may still remain in the public domain and can be independently cached, copied, or stored by other users or third parties not affiliated with us and not under our control, as well as saved by other users or such third parties in the public domain.
2.3.  transfer the possession of
In principle, we will not transfer control of your personal information to other companies, organizations, or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Based on your own requests or with your explicit consent or authorization obtained in advance;
(2) Transfer in case of company merger, acquisition, bankruptcy liquidation, or change in operating entity.
Please be informed that if it is necessary to transfer due to the above reasons, we will inform you of the recipient's name or title, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information before transferring, and obtain your consent before transferring, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
2.4.  Public disclosure
In principle, we will not disclose your personal information to society or unspecified groups, except for requests made by you or with your explicit consent or authorization in advance.
2.5.  Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to laws and regulations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information in the following situations does not require your consent:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) According to the Personal Information Protection Law, handle personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
3. How do you manage your personal information
3.1.  View/copy or correct/supplement your personal information
If your account is in normal use, you have the right to log in and access your Soul account at any time to view your personal information, including your account information, personal profile, posted comments, and "moments". If you find that the personal information we process about you is inaccurate or incomplete, or in other situations stipulated by laws and regulations, you can correct or supplement your personal information. You can exercise such rights through the following channels:
(1) You can view, correct, or supplement your nickname, avatar, background image, gravity tag, and other information by clicking on "yourself";
(2) You can view, correct, or supplement your personal information such as nickname, gender, password, etc. by clicking on "Self Settings Account and Security";
(3) You can access the moments you have posted by clicking on "yourself", and view the moments you have liked, commented on, and various notification information by clicking on the "Square Envelope Icon";
(4) You can copy and export your personal information by clicking on "Self Settings Privacy Personal Information Browse and Export". Subject to legal requirements, you may also request us to transfer your personal information to a designated personal information processor.
If you are unable to realize the corresponding rights through the above path, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy. We will promptly respond to your request after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or as stipulated in this policy.
3.2.  Delete your personal information
If your account is in normal use, you have the right to delete your personal information. You can exercise this right through the following channels:
(1) You can delete your gravity signature by clicking on "Self Settings Account and Security";
(2) You can delete the moment you posted by clicking on "Self - dropdown homepage";
(3) You can delete the email you have bound by clicking on "Self Settings Account and Security Auxiliary Email".
(4) You can delete the address you filled in by clicking on "Myself - Settings - Account and Security - My Address".
If you wish to delete your other personal information, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy. We will promptly respond to your request after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or this policy.
Please be informed that you hereby agree that once the deletion request is responded to, your personal information will be deleted or anonymized, unless otherwise provided by laws, regulations or normative documents.
Please be informed that we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will do so when the backup system is updated.
3.3.  Change the scope of your authorized consent
Please be informed that in order for you to use Soul products and/or services normally, you need to grant us relevant permissions on your device and/or provide basic personal information. If you wish to disable the device permissions mentioned in section 1.3 above, you can do so through the settings page on your device. If you wish to revoke your previous authorization for the corresponding features within Soul products and/or services, you can do so through Soul's settings page or the settings page on your device.
When you change the scope of your consent, we will no longer collect and use your corresponding personal information, but at the same time, please understand that we cannot provide you with corresponding products and/or services. You hereby agree that changing the scope of your authorization or revoking your authorization will not affect the processing of your personal information based on your previous authorization.
3.4.  Cancel your account
You can click on "Myself" - "Settings" - "Account and Security
”-To cancel your account, please submit a request to cancel your registered Soul account. We will verify your personal identity information and confirm that you meet the cancellation conditions before canceling your account.
Please be informed that if you apply to cancel your account while it is in a normal state, we will promptly delete or anonymize your personal information after the account is cancelled, unless required by laws and regulations or regulatory authorities to retain or store your personal information. Please be informed that we may not immediately delete such information from the backup system, but will do so when the backup system is updated. If you apply to cancel your account while it has been banned from any function for 30 days or more, in order to meet relevant laws and regulations, respond to possible complaints or legal disputes, and fulfill platform management obligations, after the account is cancelled, we will follow the principle of minimum necessity and only retain your registered mobile phone number, violation records, punishment type, and punishment period until the punishment period expires. After the punishment period expires, we will delete the above data. If you use this phone number to register again during the penalty period, the newly registered account will continue to have this penalty status (the cancellation time will be counted towards the penalty period) until the penalty period expires. After the penalty period expires, you can use the new account normally.
Your account cancellation is irreversible. Once your account is cancelled, we will no longer collect your personal information. However, please understand that we are unable to provide you with corresponding products and/or services. Therefore, we suggest that you carefully choose to cancel your account.
3.5.  Reject automated decision-making
During your use of this product and/or service, we will make decisions based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If you believe that these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an explanation from us.
(1) For the content of the 'Square' that you are not interested in, you can block it by clicking 'Do not like'. If you do not want us to push you information and content that you may be interested in when you use it, you can turn off the personalized recommendation function for this part by clicking "Me Settings Privacy Personalized Services".
(2) If you do not want to see the ads we display to you based on your preferences, you can turn off the personalized ad recommendation function by clicking on "Self Settings Privacy Personalized Ads". After turning off, you will still see the ads, but the degree of personalization will decrease.
(3) But please understand that the "friend matching" function provided to you based on your tag information is a basic feature of this product and cannot be disabled. If you do not agree to match users who meet your chat expectations, please do not use the Soul App.
3.6.  Rights of close relatives
In accordance with legal regulations, your close relatives may exercise the above-mentioned rights to access, copy, correct, delete, etc. your relevant personal information; Unless you have other arrangements.
3.7.  In response to your above request
To realize the user rights described in Articles 3.1-3.5 of this policy, you can click on "Self" - "Settings" - "Help and Feedback", where we will summarize the high-frequency problems encountered by users and provide relevant solutions. If you are still unable to exercise your user rights through this method, you can send an email to soulprivacy@soulapp.cn Contact us. To ensure security, we may first require you to submit relevant proof to verify your identity before processing your request. For your request, we will, in principle, complete the verification and processing within 15 days after receiving your request and provide you with a response.
We generally do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests. We may refuse requests that are not directly related to your identity or unnecessarily duplicate information, or require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are unrealistic.
If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions, or if you request us to explain this policy to you, you can also send an email to soulprivacy@soulapp.cn contact us.
4. How to store your personal information
We will store your personal information collected and generated during our operations in mainland China in our data centers located within the territory of the People's Republic of China, except where cross-border transmission is permitted under applicable laws.
As Soul App serves global users, the personal information we collect outside Chinese Mainland is stored in Soul's overseas data center., In such cases, we will protect your personal information in accordance with this policy and relevant requirements of data protection laws in other jurisdictions.
At present, we have not transmitted cross-border information collected and generated in our operations in the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If we need to transfer your personal information collected in the Chinese Mainland to other jurisdictions, we will comply with the requirements of relevant applicable laws, conduct an outbound security impact assessment of data, implement unified security measures and ask for your consent to ensure that all such transfers meet the requirements of local applicable data protection laws.
We promise that, unless otherwise required by laws and regulations, or unless you request us to delete personal information in accordance with the law, the storage time of your personal information will be limited to the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose of your authorized use.
If we partially or completely cease operations due to poor management or other reasons, unless otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations or normative documents, or agreed upon by both parties, we will inform you of such situations and stop collecting your personal information. At the same time, we will delete the collected personal information or anonymize it.
5. How to protect your personal information
We attach great importance to the security of your personal information. To this end, we have adopted security technology measures that comply with industry standards, as well as supporting organizational structures and management systems, and other multi-level protection measures to prevent your personal information from being leaked, damaged, misused, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure or alteration to the greatest extent possible. This includes:
5.1.  Data security measures
In terms of data security transmission, we have adopted cryptographic techniques such as transport layer security protocols, and used them through Ht
TPS and other methods are used to prevent transmission links from being eavesdropped or intercepted, in order to establish a secure privacy data environment and ensure the privacy and integrity of data; We will also use Token technology to protect the security of data during its transmission and employ appropriate protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on the data; In addition, we will take additional security measures such as encrypted storage for your information.
In terms of security control for data access and use, we have implemented strict data permission control mechanisms to monitor the processing of your personal information and prevent unauthorized access and use of data. We will regularly conduct security scans on all interfaces of this product and take protective measures against malicious code, traffic attacks, etc. to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, human or accidental damage or loss of your personal information.
In order to protect your information security, if the user's personal information is incorrect, this product will strictly verify and verify the user's identity, and access, correct or delete the relevant information according to the user's request (unless Soul must retain these personal information for legitimate reasons).
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless the retention period is extended within the scope permitted by law.
5.2.  Data Security Organization and Management Measures
According to relevant regulations, we have established a department specifically responsible for personal information protection and appointed a person in charge of personal information protection. We have also established relevant internal control management processes, based on the principle of minimum authorization, to strictly set information access permissions for staff who may come into contact with your personal information and control the scope of personal information disclosure.
We have established an internal regulatory system for the secure use of data, ensuring that the processing of your personal information meets the security requirements of laws and regulations in all aspects such as collection, transmission, use, storage, transfer, and destruction. According to relevant regulations, for personnel who need to access personal information, we will require them to obtain approval from the person in charge of personal information protection or authorized management personnel, record the access situation, and take technical measures to avoid illegal copying and downloading of personal information.
We organize employees to participate in security and privacy protection related training and require them to complete prescribed assessments to enhance their awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
5.3.  Security incident handling
To cope with potential risks such as personal information leakage, damage, and loss, we have established a dedicated emergency response team. In accordance with the company's relevant security incident handling standards, we have activated security plans for different security incidents, conducted stop loss, analysis, developed remedial measures, and collaborated with relevant departments to trace and crack down on them. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Please know and understand that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use complex passwords in a secure way to help us ensure the security of your account. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account or password, please contact soulprivacy@soulapp.cn So that we can take corresponding measures to protect your information security.
6. How to protect the personal information of minors
After the revision of Soul App, if you are under 18 years old, you will not be able to register for this product.
If you are a registered minor user before the revision, we will protect your personal information security in accordance with the requirements of Chinese laws and regulations. If you are: (1) a child (please refer to the keyword definition for details) user, your guardian must read and agree to all the contents of this agreement and the "Soul Children's Privacy Protection Guidelines" before we can provide you with products and/or services under the Soul Youth Protection Service model. In order to obtain the consent of the guardian, we will ask the guardian to submit his/her name, ID number and mobile phone number, and verify the guardianship relationship between the guardian and the ward in a reasonable way; (2) Minors who are over 14 years old must be accompanied by your guardian to read all the contents of this agreement, and can only use products and/or services under the Soul Youth Protection Service model after the guardian or you agree to all the contents of this agreement. If we have evidence to prove that you have violated the above agreement, we have the right to stop providing our products and/or services.
You understand and promise that the age information you provide to us is true. If we analyze and calculate through technical means that you may be a minor, we have the right to take restrictive measures on your Soul account, that is, to restrict your account from browsing, using specific functions, and consumption behavior. The above restrictions are to protect the physical and mental health and safety of minors, and you irrevocably waive any claims against us. If you believe that you are not a minor, please undergo real name authentication. After verifying your identity, we will immediately lift the restriction and restore your original usage status.
If the guardian of a minor discovers that the minor has registered a Soul account by falsely reporting their age, they may request to suspend/terminate the minor's Soul account or request the provision of products and/or services under the Soul Youth Protection Service model to the minor through the methods described in Article 8 of this policy. To verify that the requesting party is the guardian of a minor, please provide us with a copy/scan of the ID card (front and back) of the ward and guardian, as well as the guardian's mobile phone number, to ensure the security of Soul users' accounts. After receiving your above-mentioned documents, we will promptly verify their authenticity and validity, and please ensure that the insurance guardian's mobile phone is unobstructed so that our professional customer service can contact you to further verify your identity (if necessary).
For guardianship
If a person agrees to collect personal information of a minor, we will only use or publicly disclose that information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the guardian, or when necessary to protect the minor. If we discover that personal information of minors under their guardianship has been collected without their prior consent, we will delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
7. How to update this policy
8. How to contact us
9. Supplementary Provisions
10. Keyword Definition
We will collect and use your personal information based on the principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, and integrity, for the purposes described in this policy. If we use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or collect your personal information for other specific purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again before use.
1.1 Personal information voluntarily provided by you during the process of providing products and/or services to you
Reminder: If any content you upload or post on the Soul App contains personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the personal information subject; If it contains sensitive personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained the individual consent of the personal information subject.
Please be advised that the mobile phone number you provide will serve as your user account for future use of the Soul App and as your user identification for logging into this product.
You can also set a login password for your account. This information is not necessary and you have the right to choose to log in using your phone number with a password or only through a mobile verification code.
If you choose to log in using a third-party user account, you agree that we will collect your WeChat nickname, avatar, and/or Apple username and email name based on your selection.
Date Of Birth 
We will determine your age based on the date of birth you provide. If you are under 18 years old or do not provide us with your date of birth information during registration, you will not be able to register as our user and continue to use this product and/or service.
）This allocation will not have any substantial impact on your rights. In addition, we will make a preliminary assessment of your personality based on your answer results, in order to match or recommend suitable chat partners and "dynamic moments" for you in the future (please refer to the details)
When you complete the registration process and obtain a Soul account by providing the above information, it will be deemed that you have successfully logged into the Soul App and have been logged in at all times. In order to protect the security of your account, you agree that we will process your account information for risk control purposes. In addition, for the convenience of public supervision in the public interest, you understand and agree that we will display your account information on your main page
The "Dynamic Moment" release page and comments display the Internet Protocol (IP) address location information, the corresponding provincial information in China, and the corresponding national (regional) information overseas. The information is subject to the network operator data. Please understand that this information will not disclose your detailed address.
If you need to log out of the login status and log in again, you need to enter your phone number, enter the login password set during registration, or choose to receive SMS verification code to complete the login. You can also choose to log in with one click. Based on our cooperation with communication operators and related third parties, when you use the "one click login" function, with your consent, we will use the functions provided by the operator and related third parties to
The phone number in your device serves as your registration and login account, and is exempt from password or dynamic verification code verification, providing you with fast registration and login services
. For detailed information on the collection of your personal information under this method, please refer to section of this policy
The content. If you do not wish to use the 'one click login' feature, you can register and log in to the Soul App through other means.
When you need to retrieve your password, you need to provide the phone number you provided during registration and the SMS verification code you received to verify your identity. After verification, you need to set
Replace the original password so that you can log in to the Soul App with your phone number and password next time.
If you wish to change the phone number you provided during registration while maintaining your login status, you need to go to [Settings - Account and Security - Change Binding Phone] and enter your new phone number. After entering the verification code received for the new phone number, you can complete the conversion.
If you request to change your phone number for login after logging out due to the original phone number no longer being used, you need to follow the prompts on the page to verify the account password, nickname, gender, registration date, registration city, commonly used city, commonly used device, email and other information (if any) that you have previously provided. We will decide whether to approve your application for account change based on the security status of your account, or to add real name verification and approve your application for account change, or reject your application. If you have any questions about our handling, you can contact us for assistance.
When you use certain specific types of products and/or services in the Soul App (including: as a 'group chat party'), please refer to the details
）The initiator, as the group owner of the text group, and "Community SSR Authentication" (please refer to the details)
）When joining the campus bar, using "Soul Amusement Park" and third-party game services connected to Soul, appealing for account suspension, and logging in with overseas mobile phones, you need to complete real name authentication.
If you use the real name authentication method provided by Soul, you need to provide us with your real name and
ID card number information. You agree and authorize us to provide, query, and verify your aforementioned identity information to relevant real name authentication agencies (national online game regulatory authorities, public security departments, or other agencies commissioned/cooperating with them, third-party organizations with authentication qualifications)
. Without your explicit consent or clear legal regulations, we will not use your real name authentication information for any other purpose. At the same time, we will ask you to undergo facial recognition verification, which is provided by a third party (Alibaba Cloud). We only obtain the verification results and will not collect your facial information. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the specific types of products and/or services mentioned above.
You can also perform real name authentication (underage identification) by downloading the National Network Identity Authentication APP
Except for other scenarios. This authentication service is provided by the public security department. We only obtain real name authentication results and will not collect your real name identity information.
In addition, during risk control requirements and account suspension appeals, in order to verify that your account is held by yourself, we will also use the real name mobile phone number you used during registration for three factor authentication.
If you apply to join the campus, in order to verify your identity as a current student, we will also collect and verify your information on the Student Information Network, student ID card, or campus card. You can choose any of the above methods to complete the verification, and new students can also choose to take a photo of the admission notice for verification.
If you are a user who registered as a minor before the Soul App update but is actually over 18 years old, and wish to change the age you filled in during registration to your actual age, you also need to undergo the above real name authentication. After authentication, you can change the age to match your ID card.
When you post "Instant" or comment on someone else's "Instant", what do you think of the content you post/send
Recorded/uploaded
Images, audio, and video
We will review its legality and compliance, and use this content as evidence for user complaints and reports. If you do not wish to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the functions related to publishing information content.
In order to enhance your experience of posting "Moments", before you click "Publish" to confirm the upload, we will temporarily load the content to the server and automatically recognize the content you input through technical means and recommend relevant topics to you, in order to help more users discover your "Moments" after you "publish". If you do not accept the recommendation, you can close it through Article 3.5 of this agreement. If you cancel the publication or fail to upload for other reasons, we will immediately delete the content.
You are improving your personal 'Gravity Signature' (please refer to the details)
）At that time, you need to provide us with the keyword information you entered, and we will match you with other users who have similar settings to your 'Gravity Sign'. Your refusal to improve the 'Gravity Signature' will not affect your normal use, but may moderately affect the accuracy of the matching results.
When you browse information in functions such as "same city", we will only display relevant information content based on the user's IP address. The IP address only corresponds to the location of the city/district, and will not be used or leaked without the user's consent.
You can communicate with other users through the matching or "chat" function provided in the Soul App.
When you use the "Video Match"/"Group Chat Party" ("Virtual Live" gameplay) function, we will adjust your selection accordingly
Perform processing (special effects masking) instead of realistically displaying your appearance. We will process and identify your device locally on your device
To provide you with facial masking tools and better visual effects.
When you use voice chat functions such as "voice matching"/"group chat party", in order to achieve voice call/chat functions, you need to provide your
When you enable the "Adventure Bell" function or use location related matching functions, we will apply to use your
Geographic location information
Used to match nearby friends. If you refuse to grant location permission but turn on the "Adventure Bell", we will perform fuzzy geographic location matching based on your IP address. You can turn off this feature at any time in the "Adventure Bell" settings.
You can chat and communicate with other users through the matching and "chat" functions provided by Soul App (including "group chat party", "text group" and other multi person chat functions). You can choose text chat and/or voice chat according to different chat scenarios, and upload according to your needs
Images, audio, and video
Except for scenarios where only video/voice chat is allowed, such as "video matching", "voice matching", "group chat parties", etc. If you want to synchronize the last 50 chat records of users who meet certain triggering conditions (such as chatting full of a heart), you can turn it on by clicking "Settings - Accessibility - Message Sync"; If you want to synchronize chat records with all users, you can enable it by clicking on "Chat Settings - Message Cloud Roaming" (currently only available for "Super Star People").
Please understand that, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we will post/send the
Used for content legality and compliance review and protection of minors, and will be used as evidence for user complaints and reports. If you do not wish to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the corresponding function. At the same time, please be aware that for the content you post/send in the 'Square'
We will not only conduct content legality and compliance audits, but also extract keyword information for the purpose of implementing the functions described in section 1.1.1 (8) of this policy. However, you can follow the guidelines in section 3.5 of this policy to close it.
You can participate in the interactive scenes or achieve interactive effects of Soul App through actions such as "shake" and "shake" (including Adventure Bell, planet shake, rotating camera shooting, advertising interaction). We will use your device sensor information (including gyroscope sensor information, acceleration sensor information, gravity sensor information) to recognize your actions, display interactive scenes or achieve interactive effects for you. But please understand that individual device sensor information does not belong to your personal information.
We provide intelligent dialogue and interactive services based on generative artificial intelligence modeling technology, including real-time AI dialogue functions such as "AI Goudan", "Echoes of Another World", "Werewolf Awakening", etc. In order to provide you with intelligent conversation and interactive services, we may collect
. Under the premise of being processed by secure encryption technology, strictly de identified, and unable to re identify specific individuals, we may use the collected data for model training and continuously adjust and optimize the performance of the model.
If you do not wish for your relevant data to be used for model training optimization or the aforementioned functions, you may choose to disable this feature or contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy to request the withdrawal of using your data for model training optimization or the aforementioned functions. If you would like to know the basic information of the model that Soul App provides intelligent dialogue function, please refer to
Personalized matching and recommendation are one of the core features of Soul App. In order to
You provide better quality and more tailored services that meet your needs, allowing you to have a better user experience with Soul products and/or services. Subject to legal regulations, we may conduct data analysis, comprehensive statistics, and user characteristics and preferences analysis through specific algorithms based on the personal information you voluntarily provide when using this product, the information provided by our partners with your consent, and the personal information we actively collect, in order to display or provide you with information that you are interested in and more in line with your actual needs, or to push you specific functions and/or services that are more suitable for you. Specifically:
The basic information you provide when registering (including age/birthday, gender, location, gravity sign, academic situation), behavioral data generated during your use of the service (including registration time, "moments", user interaction records, network logs), consumption and device information form user attribute classification, and different content display strategies are adopted for users with different attributes
. For example, if you state in the gravity tag that you enjoy traveling, we may show you more content with travel topic tags;
The basic information provided during registration (including age/birthday, gender, location, time zone, gravity sign), behavioral data generated during your use of the service (including ad clicks, conversions, network logs), device information, and network type form user characteristic tags, and automatically deliver ads to relevant user groups through the system based on the target audience type specified by the advertiser
. For example, if you are a female user, we may advertise cosmetics to you;
The basic information you provide when registering (including age/birthday, gender, location, gravity sign), behavior data generated during your use of the service (including "moments", user interactions, matching records, network logs), consumption situation, and device information form a user image, and provide suitable chat partners with similar hobbies for users
. For example, if your location is in Beijing, we may match you with users who are also located in Beijing.
Please be advised that when using the "User Matching" feature on the Soul App, you can choose the gender of the friends you wish to chat with. If such information is not provided, it will not affect your normal matching function, but it may not be possible to accurately match chat partners of interest gender.
If you request to exit the automated decision-making mode related to personalized matching and recommendation, you can handle it in accordance with Article 3.5 of this policy.
When you use the "search" function in this product and/or service, you need to provide us with the keyword information you input to display the content you need and your search history. You can choose to delete your search history. If you do not wish to provide the above information, please do not use the search function.
If you have any feedback about this product and/or service, you can provide it through "Self" - "Settings" - "Help and Feedback" - "Suggestions" in the Soul App. You need to provide a description of your opinion and upload proof photos to help us understand the issue you raised and find corresponding solutions. In order to provide timely feedback on your feedback, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number so that we can contact you in a timely manner.
In order to provide you with better services, we may reasonably send you commercial service information through SMS. If you do not want to receive such commercial marketing activity information, you can reply with "unsubscribe" through SMS prompts or contact us through Article 8 of this policy to unsubscribe or close. After successful unsubscribe, we will no longer send you this type of SMS.
In order to facilitate your understanding of the relevant information and discounts of products and services, we will recommend marketing activity information to you through product and service display pages, internal messages, etc. based on your consumption records and usage preferences. If you do not agree to receive personalized marketing information, you may refuse in accordance with Article 3.5 of this Agreement.
1.1.2 In order to provide you with a better user experience, we will provide you with the following extended business functions. When you use these functions, we will collect your personal information for specific purposes. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use the following extended business functions, but it will not affect the normal use of your basic business functions.
When you use the 'Soul Camera/Emoji Recorder' to take corresponding photos or record videos, we will process and recognize the specific content captured by your camera locally on your device, providing you with targeted stickers, special effects rendering, and other effects.
Please note that if the content you shoot/record contains personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the personal information subject; If it contains sensitive personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained the individual consent of the personal information subject.
If you do not wish to be matched with contacts in your mobile phone address book when using this product and/or service, you need to grant us access to your mobile phone address book so that we can block matching/display users who have registered a Soul account with the selected phone number according to your choice. To achieve this function, we will collect the names and phone numbers of the contacts in your phone's address book. If you refuse to provide the above information, the aforementioned functions will not be implemented.
We will regularly hold online/offline events with different themes and select lucky users to give away Soul App merchandise gifts. When you receive our gift notification, you need to provide your recipient's name
And contact information, so that we can send you the corresponding gift. If you refuse to provide such information, we will not be able to send you the gift.
If you purchase or receive physical gifts from other users in the Soul App, you need to provide us with a redemption application code and the recipient's name
And the phone number. If you refuse to provide the above information, the aforementioned functions will not be implemented. If you provide personal information of others in your shipping information, please ensure that you have obtained their consent.
1.2 Personal Information We Actively Collect During the Process of Providing You with Products and/or Services
On the premise of complying with laws and regulations, in order to ensure the security of your account and provide you with better quality services, we
We will collect and use the following information generated during your use of Soul products and/or services:
1.2.1 Equipment Information
Device identification code (including Device ID/IMEI/Android ID/IDA/IDFV/OPEN UDID/GUID/OAID/MEID, advertising ID, SIM card phone number, IMSI, ICCID, device serial number)
Software list, device operating status information, system version, MCC, MNC
(including mobile Mac address and Bluetooth Mac address), device sensor information, external virtual keyboard recognition, and running process information. Collecting this information is to assist us in bug analysis, anti cheating, anti black production and other security protection work, to ensure your normal use of this product and/or service, to improve and optimize our product experience, and to safeguard your account security. Meanwhile, unless otherwise specified in this policy, we will not provide your device information to any third party,
But we cannot guarantee that other third parties will not obtain your device information through other means and combine your device information with other information to identify your personal identity. If any losses are caused to you as a result, you should claim compensation from the third party. The above device information is the basic information collected for providing services. If you do not want us to collect the above device information, it may result in us being unable to provide you with normal services.
Please be informed that in order to assist us in bug analysis, anti cheating, anti black production and other security protection work, ensure your normal use of this product and/or service, improve and optimize our product experience, and ensure the security of your account, we will collect your Mac address information (including mobile Mac address and Bluetooth Mac address) and IMEI when your Soul App switches to the background or is in a silent state.
1.2.2 Log Information
When you use Soul products and/or services, we collect your relevant information
Network log information
Browse history, click history, software usage history, and IP address information
. We collect the above information in order to better use it for security maintenance and optimization of our products and/or services, and to provide you with a better user experience.
The above log information is the basic information collected for providing services. If you do not want us to collect the above log information, it may cause us to be unable to provide you with normal services.
1.2.3 Geographic location information
After you agree to grant your location permission, we will collect your
, used to display your geographical location, match and inform your friends to appear nearby when you post, or match nearby users or dynamic moments for you. If you refuse our collection of such information, the aforementioned functions will not function properly, but it will not affect your use of other features of the Soul App.
To protect your legitimate rights and interests (cracking down on black industries, preventing fraud) and maintain the safe operation of this product and/or service, we will collect information about the base stations connected to your device (including base station status LAC、BID、NID、SID、 Signal strength) and WIFI information (including BSSID, SSID, signal strength).
1.2.4 Consumption Record Information
When you use the third-party payment function provided by this product for recharging and consumption, we will collect and store your information
Recharge, consumption record information, order information, reconciliation information
This information is used to confirm your payment instructions and assist you in completing the payment. At the same time, it will also serve as proof of your recharge and consumption.
1.2.5 clipboard information
When you use Soul products and/or services, we will use the clipboard function on your device and read it
The contents of the clipboard
To achieve: when you write the link or sharing code generated by sharing a specific activity into the clipboard, you will be automatically redirected to the corresponding activity content when you open the Soul App, making it convenient for you to browse activity information; We can unlock more features and provide more comprehensive services for you based on the contents of the clipboard. But we only upload to our server when we recognize that the clipboard content belongs to Soul App sharing, and we will not read any other information from your clipboard. At the same time, we will also read your clipboard information for risk control purposes.
1.3.  System permissions invoked by Soul App
As mentioned above, in order to provide you with Soul products and/or services, we may need to use the system permissions on your device (excluding permissions accessed by third parties) to collect relevant personal information. Although we have already covered it in the previous chapters, this section will summarize and organize all the system permissions used by the Soul App for a more systematic, complete, and transparent presentation to you. You can choose whether to authorize us to use the relevant permissions of your device. If you do not authorize us to use the relevant permissions, it may cause some services to be unavailable, but it does not affect your use of other features of the Soul App.
1.3.1.  Album and storage permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will use the album reading and storage function on your device. This feature will be used to upload text, images, videos, and other content from your device, as well as cache text, images, and video content generated during your use of Soul products and/or services. Please be informed that we will not automatically read the stored content of your local album. We will only obtain image/video data after you agree to enable this permission and actively select the corresponding image in the album. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not function properly.
1.3.2.  Microphone permission
After you agree to enable this permission, we will use the microphone function on your device and recognize the content you upload
. This permission will be used to implement voice input and voice changing functions, and to collect and recognize the input during the implementation process of the above functions
. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not be available.
1.3.3.  Message push permission
After you agree to enable this permission, we will push you a message so that you can receive and understand the notifications we send in a timely manner. If you refuse this authorization,
You will not be able to receive the messages we push for you.
1.3.4.  Camera permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will use the camera shooting function on your device. This function will be used to implement photo shooting, video recording functions, and to capture and identify the images captured or recorded during the implementation process of the above functions
Image and video information
. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not be available.
1.3.5.  Address book permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will access the
Obtain the names and phone numbers of the contacts in your address book, which can be used to block the contacts in your address book or invite them to register for the Soul App according to your selection. If you refuse this authorization, the aforementioned functions will not be available.
1.3.6.  Read application installation list permission
After you agree to enable this permission, we will collect your application installation list to protect your legitimate rights and interests (such as cracking down on black industries) and enrich your profile, so that we can achieve the functions described in Article 1.1.1 (8) of this agreement.
1.3.7.  Geographic location permission
After you agree to grant this permission, we will collect your
Used to display your geographical location, match and inform your friends to appear nearby when you post, or match and recommend nearby users or dynamic moments for you. If you refuse such authorization, the above functions will not be implemented.
1.3.8.  Floating window permission
In order to suspend content such as "group chat party", "music floating ball", "voice matching", "video matching", private chat voice and video on other content, we will apply to use your floating window permission. If you refuse such authorization, the above functions will not be implemented.
1.3.9.  Calendar permissions
After you agree to enable this permission, we will access your calendar and help you add schedule reminders. If you refuse this authorization, the above functions will not be implemented.
1.3.10.  Access permission for device information
After you agree to enable this permission, in order to protect your account and login security, we will collect your corresponding device information for optimizing user experience, security checks, identifying whether it is a commonly used device, and device binding status. If you are an Android system user, refusing this authorization will result in you being unable to use this product and/or service normally. If you are an iOS system user and are restricted by the iOS system, you may not be able to directly refuse or turn off the above authorization. However, for some device information (such as IDFA information, which is subject to the actual situation updated by iOS system policies from time to time), you can choose whether to authorize us to collect it. If you refuse authorization, we may not be able to provide you with corresponding functions or services (such as: if you refuse us to collect your IDFA information, we will not be able to provide personalized display for you based on IDFA tracking identifiers).
1.3.11.  Accessing the network and obtaining network status permissions
Our app can only connect to the internet after you agree to enable this permission. At the same time, for the purpose of risk control and service provision, we can also monitor network changes and alert users to the current network environment. Refusing this authorization will result in your inability to use this product and/or service normally.
To update the status of desktop widget components and ensure that the function of clicking on the desktop widget to enter the Soul App can be used normally, we have used AppWidgetProvider. This may result in the Soul App showing a self starting condition in the system interface/logs/backend records (depending on your terminal model), but this is a necessary step to ensure that the Soul App provides services normally. In addition, due to our provision of instant messaging functionality, in order to ensure that we can receive client message push notifications normally when the Soul App is closed or running in the background, we or third-party message push service providers connected to us need to use self starting capabilities. Therefore, there may be a certain frequency of self starting behavior that wakes up the Soul App through the system, but this is necessary to ensure message reach.
1.5.  We obtain your personal information from third parties
We may collect and use your personal information from third parties (our partners) within the scope of your consent. We guarantee to process your personal information in accordance with the contract signed with a third party and relevant laws and regulations. At the same time, please read the third party's personal information protection policy and user agreement in detail. If you refuse to allow third parties to collect and use your personal information while providing services, it may result in you being unable to use some Soul products and/or services.
1.6.  Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to laws and regulations, collecting and using your personal information in the following situations does not require your consent:
2.1.  Entrusted processing
In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, certain functions may be provided by our technical service partners, and we may entrust our partners to process some of your personal information. For companies, organizations, and individuals entrusted by us to process your personal information, we will explicitly require them in the cooperation agreement they sign to process your personal information only in accordance with our requirements, the provisions of this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures, and to supervise their personal information processing activities.. We will entrust third-party SDK providers who provide technical services to process your personal information. These third-party providers will process your personal information based on their needs when you use the Soul App, or when you switch the Soul App to the background or when it is in a silent state.
2.2.  share
We will not share your personal information with any third-party company, organization, or individual unless it is based on legal regulations or one or more of the following circumstances exist:
Please be informed that the sharing partner is the data controller and has obtained your consent in their own name to process your personal information. The cooperating party may have its own independent privacy policy and user agreement. We recommend that you carefully read and comply with the third-party user agreement and privacy policy
. If you refuse our partners to collect personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to
Use corresponding services.
At present, our partners include the following types. Regarding the identity of the partners, the purpose and scope of collecting personal information, etc., please click to view detailed information“
To ensure the stability of the push channel and ensure timely delivery of messages, some third-party SDK partners may have a certain frequency of associated activation behavior, which is necessary for implementing message push services.
ID card number, geographical location information
You can actively disclose and share your relevant information to third-party platforms (such as WeChat friends/Moments/QQ, etc.) by using the functions provided by Soul products and/or services. In this case, shared information will be disseminated instantly and widely. Once you share such information, it is difficult to ensure that when you need to delete information, the information you share will be deleted in all Internet platforms that accept forwarding. In some cases, even if you delete the information you share from Soul products and/or services, such information may still remain in the public domain and can be independently cached, copied, or stored by other users or third parties not affiliated with us and not under our control, as well as saved by other users or such third parties in the public domain.
2.3.  transfer the possession of
In principle, we will not transfer control of your personal information to other companies, organizations, or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
If it is necessary to transfer due to the above reasons, we will inform you of the recipient's name or title, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information before transferring, and obtain your consent before transferring, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
2.4.  Public disclosure
In principle, we will not disclose your personal information to society or unspecified groups, except for requests made by you or with your explicit consent or authorization in advance.
2.5.  Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to laws and regulations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information in the following situations does not require your consent:
3.1.  View/copy or correct/supplement your personal information
If your account is in normal use, you have the right to log in and access your Soul account at any time to view your personal information, including your account information, personal profile, posted comments, and "moments". If you find that the personal information we process about you is inaccurate or incomplete, or in other situations stipulated by laws and regulations, you can correct or supplement your personal information. You can exercise such rights through the following channels:
If you are unable to realize the corresponding rights through the above path, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy. We will promptly respond to your request after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or as stipulated in this policy.
3.2.  Delete your personal information
If your account is in normal use, you have the right to delete your personal information. You can exercise this right through the following channels:
If you wish to delete your other personal information, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy. We will promptly respond to your request after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or this policy.
Please be informed that you hereby agree that once the deletion request is responded to, your personal information will be deleted or anonymized
Unless otherwise specified by laws, regulations or normative documents.
Please be informed that we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will do so when the backup system is updated.
3.3.  Change the scope of your authorized consent
Please be informed that in order for you to use Soul products and/or services normally, you need to grant us relevant permissions on your device and/or provide basic personal information. If you wish to disable the device permissions mentioned in section 1.3 above, you can do so through the settings page on your device. If you wish to revoke your previous authorization for the corresponding features within Soul products and/or services, you can do so through Soul's settings page or the settings page on your device.
When you change the scope of your consent, we will no longer collect and use your corresponding personal information, but at the same time, please understand that we cannot provide you with corresponding products and/or services.
You hereby agree that changing the scope of your authorization or revoking your authorization will not affect the processing of your personal information based on your previous authorization.
3.4.  Cancel your account
You can request to cancel your registered Soul account by clicking on "Self" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" - "Cancel Account". We will verify your personal identity information and confirm that you meet the cancellation conditions before canceling your account.
Please be informed that if you apply to cancel your account while it is in a normal state, we will promptly delete or anonymize your personal information after the account is cancelled, unless required by laws and regulations or regulatory authorities to retain or store your personal information. Please be informed that we may not immediately delete such information from the backup system, but will do so when the backup system is updated.
If you apply to cancel your account while it has been banned from any function for 30 days or more, in order to meet relevant laws and regulations, respond to possible complaints or legal disputes, and fulfill platform management obligations, after the account is cancelled, we will follow the principle of minimum necessity and only retain your registered mobile phone number, violation records, punishment type, and punishment period until the punishment period expires. After the punishment period expires, we will delete the above data. If you use this phone number to register again during the penalty period, the newly registered account will continue to have this penalty status (the cancellation time will be counted towards the penalty period) until the penalty period expires. After the penalty period expires, you can use the new account normally.
Your account cancellation is irreversible. Once your account is cancelled, we will no longer collect your personal information. However, please understand that we are unable to provide you with corresponding products and/or services. Therefore, we suggest that you carefully choose to cancel your account.
3.5.  Reject automated decision-making
During your use of this product and/or service, we will make decisions based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If you believe that these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an explanation from us.
3.6.  Rights of close relatives
In accordance with legal regulations, your close relatives may exercise the above-mentioned rights to access, copy, correct, delete, etc. your relevant personal information; Unless you have other arrangements.
3.7.  In response to your above request
To realize the user rights described in Articles 3.1-3.5 of this policy, you can click on "Self" - "Settings" - "Help and Feedback", where we will summarize the high-frequency problems encountered by users and provide relevant solutions. If you are still unable to exercise your user rights through this method, you can send an email to soulprivacy@soulapp.cn Contact us. To ensure security, we may first require you to submit relevant proof to verify your identity before processing your request. For your request, we will, in principle, complete the verification and processing within 15 days after receiving your request and provide you with a response.
We generally do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests. We may refuse requests that are not directly related to your identity or unnecessarily duplicate information, or require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are unrealistic.
If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions, or if you request us to explain this policy to you, you can also send an email to soulprivacy@soulapp.cn contact us.
We will store your personal information collected and generated during our operations in mainland China in our data centers located within the territory of the People's Republic of China, except where cross-border transmission is permitted under applicable laws.
At present, we have not transmitted cross-border information collected and generated in our operations in the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If we need to transfer your personal information collected in the Chinese Mainland to other jurisdictions, we will comply with the requirements of relevant applicable laws, conduct an outbound security impact assessment of data, implement unified security measures and ask for your consent to ensure that all such transfers meet the requirements of local applicable data protection laws.
We promise that, unless otherwise required by laws and regulations, or unless you request us to delete personal information in accordance with the law, the storage time of your personal information will be limited to the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose of your authorized use.
If we partially or completely cease operations due to poor management or other reasons, unless otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations or normative documents, or agreed upon by both parties, we will inform you of such situations and stop collecting your personal information. At the same time, we will delete the collected personal information or anonymize it.
5.1.  Data security measures
In terms of data security transmission, we have adopted cryptographic techniques such as transport layer security protocols to prevent transmission links from being eavesdropped or intercepted through HTTPS and other methods, in order to establish a secure privacy data environment and ensure the privacy and integrity of data; We will also use Token technology to protect the security of data during its transmission and employ appropriate protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on the data; In addition, we will take additional security measures such as encrypted storage for your information.
In terms of security control for data access and use, we have implemented strict data permission control mechanisms to monitor the processing of your personal information and prevent unauthorized access and use of data. We will regularly conduct security scans on all interfaces of this product and take protective measures against malicious code, traffic attacks, etc. to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, human or accidental damage or loss of your personal information.
In order to protect your information security, if the user's personal information is incorrect, this product will strictly verify and verify the user's identity, and access, correct or delete the relevant information according to the user's request (unless Soul must retain these personal information for legitimate reasons).
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless the retention period is extended within the scope permitted by law.
5.2.  Data Security Organization and Management Measures
According to relevant regulations, we have established a department specifically responsible for personal information protection and appointed a person in charge of personal information protection. We have also established relevant internal control management processes, based on the principle of minimum authorization, to strictly set information access permissions for staff who may come into contact with your personal information and control the scope of personal information disclosure.
We have established an internal regulatory system for the secure use of data, ensuring that the processing of your personal information meets the security requirements of laws and regulations in all aspects such as collection, transmission, use, storage, transfer, and destruction. According to relevant regulations, for personnel who need to access personal information, we will require them to obtain approval from the person in charge of personal information protection or authorized management personnel, record the access situation, and take technical measures to avoid illegal copying and downloading of personal information.
We organize employees to participate in security and privacy protection related training and require them to complete prescribed assessments to enhance their awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
5.3.  Security incident handling
To cope with potential risks such as personal information leakage, damage, and loss, we have established a dedicated emergency response team. In accordance with the company's relevant security incident handling standards, we have activated security plans for different security incidents, conducted stop loss, analysis, developed remedial measures, and collaborated with relevant departments to trace and crack down on them. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, and other means, making it difficult to go through them one by one
When informing personal information subjects, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Please know and understand that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use complex passwords in a secure way to help us ensure the security of your account. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account or password, please contact soulprivacy@soulapp.cn So that we can take corresponding measures to protect your information security.
If you are a registered minor user before the revision, we will protect your personal information security in accordance with the requirements of Chinese laws and regulations. If you are: (1) a child
(Please refer to the keyword definition for details)
The user must have their guardian read and agree to all the contents of this agreement
Afterwards, we provided you with products and/or services under the Soul Youth Protection Service model. In order to obtain the consent of the guardian, we will ask the guardian to submit his/her name, ID number and mobile phone number, and verify the guardianship relationship between the guardian and the ward in a reasonable way; (2) Minors who are over 14 years old must be accompanied by your guardian to read all the contents of this agreement, and can only use products and/or services under the Soul Youth Protection Service model after the guardian or you agree to all the contents of this agreement. If we have evidence to prove that you have violated the above agreement, we have the right to stop providing our products and/or services.
You understand and promise that the age information you provide to us is true. If we analyze and calculate through technical means that you may be a minor, we have the right to take restrictive measures on your Soul account, that is, to restrict your account from browsing, using specific functions, and consumption behavior. The above restrictions are to protect the physical and mental health and safety of minors, and you irrevocably waive any claims against us. If you believe that you are not a minor, please undergo real name authentication. After verifying your identity, we will immediately lift the restriction and restore your original usage status.
If the guardian of a minor discovers that the minor has registered a Soul account by falsely reporting their age, they may request to suspend/terminate the minor's Soul account or request the provision of products and/or services under the Soul Youth Protection Service model to the minor through the methods described in Article 8 of this policy. To verify that the requesting party is the guardian of a minor, please provide us with
One copy/scanned copy of the ID card (front and back) of the ward and guardian
And the guardian's mobile phone number to ensure the security of Soul users' accounts. After receiving your above-mentioned documents, we will promptly verify their authenticity and validity, and please ensure that the insurance guardian's mobile phone is unobstructed so that our professional customer service can contact you to further verify your identity (if necessary).
For cases where personal information of minors is collected with the consent of the guardian, we will only use or publicly disclose such information as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the guardian, or as necessary to protect the minors. If we discover that personal information of minors under their guardianship has been collected without their prior consent, we will delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
Due to business development and regulatory updates, we may update or modify this policy from time to time. We will post the updated privacy policy on this page, but without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this policy. These changes constitute a part of this policy.
Please carefully read the revised content of this policy.
By agreeing and continuing to use Soul products and/or services, you agree to the content of this policy (including updated versions).
If there are significant or substantial changes involved, we will notify you in a prominent manner based on the specific situation (including but not limited to sending you update notifications in "Self Settings About Soul Bulletin Board", prompting you in page pop ups or through internal messages, etc.).
The circumstances of significant and substantial changes include but are not limited to the following:
Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure have changed;
4. There have been significant changes in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change; as well as
When the personal information protection impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks.
8. How to contact us
If you have any questions, reports or complaints about this privacy policy while using Soul's products and/or services, you can send an email to soulprivacy@soulapp.cn Or contact our personal information protection officer through the "Self Settings Help and Feedback" channel in Soul or other contact information published on the Soul website (www.soulapp. cn).
We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and complete the verification and processing within 15 days after receiving your request, and provide a response.
9. Supplementary Provisions
The interpretation and dispute resolution of this policy shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. Any disputes related to this policy shall be resolved through friendly consultation between both parties; If the dispute cannot be resolved through negotiation, you hereby agree to submit it to the People's Court of Pudong New Area, Shanghai.
If any court with jurisdiction rules or determines that any provision of this policy is invalid, that provision shall be removed from this policy, but the invalidity of that provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this policy. The remaining terms of this policy will continue to be implemented.
The title of this policy is designed for ease of reading only and does not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this policy.
10. Keyword Definition
Soul: refers to the Soul App and its respective versions developed by Shanghai Anymen Technology Co., Ltd.
So
UL products and/or services: Refers to the following products and/or services provided by Soul to you: (1) Soul products and/or services provided through the Soul App; (2) Any software related to the above-mentioned products and/or services; (3) We provide you with other products and/or services from time to time.
User or You: Refers to the user who uses this product and/or service.
Minors: Refers to minors under the age of 18.
Personal information: refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. Personal information includes basic personal information, personal identity information, personal biometric information, network identification information, personal health and physiological information, personal education and work information, personal property information, personal communication information, contact information, personal internet records, personal commonly used device information, personal location information, etc. For the avoidance of doubt, personal information includes but is not limited to sensitive personal information.
Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. Personal sensitive information includes personal property information, personal health and physiological information, personal biometric information, personal identity information, network identification information, etc.
De identification: refers to the process of using technology to process personal information so that it cannot identify you without the need for additional information.
Anonymization: refers to the process of using technology to process personal information so that you cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be recovered.
Equipment: refers to a device that can be used to access Soul products and/or services.
Within the territory of China and the People's Republic of China: refers to the mainland region of the People's Republic of China (for the purpose of this policy only, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan).
Children: Refers to minors under the age of 14.
Planet: Recommended a list of users who may be interested based on algorithms, and simulated star cluster styles at the visual and interactive levels.
Instantly: Users can share their own information in the form of posting updates, and obtain information shared by others in the form of browsing updates. The medium of information includes but is not limited to text, images, videos, audio, music links, voting, locations, and interactive communication such as liking, commenting, bookmarking, and forwarding of information.
Community SSR certification: "SSR" stands for "Super Soul Real", which is a collective term for high-quality content creators in Soul. The Soul "SSR" program is committed to discovering, cultivating, and supporting original content authors. Users who become SSR experts will have the opportunity to receive exclusive benefits such as exclusive logos, cash incentives, and official recommendations to help them grow.
Group chat party: Theme based multi person voice "chat" function, users can participate in multi person voice chat by themselves, and after real name authentication, they can create multi person voice chat rooms by themselves. It includes multiple gameplay modes such as "virtual live" and PK.
Gravity tags: Users can add tags that describe themselves, which may involve describing their interests, hobbies, personality, resume, or career information. The system will apply these tags to match content recommendations with users, pushing them potentially interesting content or other users.
