Privacy Policy for Mobile Banking of Bank of China Limited
Dear user, in order to better protect your personal rights and interests, our bank has updated the "Privacy Policy for Mobile Banking of Bank of China Limited". The main content of this update is: updating the collection of information on the life payment function; Supplement and update third-party SDK information.
This version was updated on August 11, 2024
This version takes effect on August 11, 2024
Bank of China Limited (hereinafter referred to as "our bank") fully understands the importance of personal information to you and will do our best to protect the security of your personal information. Our bank is committed to maintaining your trust in us and adhering to the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of necessity, the principle of ensuring security, and the principle of openness and transparency. At the same time, our bank promises to take corresponding security measures in accordance with the law to protect your personal information.
The Privacy Policy for Mobile Banking of Bank of China Limited (hereinafter referred to as the "Privacy Policy") will help you understand the following:
1、 How can I collect and use your personal information
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
3、 How can we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4、 How can I store and protect your personal information
5、 How can we give you the right to manage personal information
6、 How do I handle the information of minors in my bank
7、 Application and updates of this policy
8、 How to contact my bank
1、 How can I collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways, excluding anonymized information. Personal information includes name, date of birth, identification documents (ID card, passport, etc.), personal biometric information, communication contact information, address, account information, property status, location information, etc.
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety, including biometric, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health information, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
（1） How to collect personal information
To provide you with mobile banking services and ensure the security of your account and services, our bank will collect information that you actively input or generate due to the use of services during your use of mobile services
1. When you self open mobile banking services at branches or online, in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, our bank will collect your personal basic information, identity information, account information, property information, communication information, and biometric information to assist you in completing mobile banking registration. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to open mobile banking or use our services normally.
2. When you use the mobile banking function or service, you may need to provide or authorize our bank to collect the user information required for the corresponding service. The information collected for each product or service has been displayed and notified to you through the page when you enter it. If you refuse to provide the information required for some functions or services, you may not be able to use some functions or services, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of mobile banking.
(1) When you log in to mobile banking, our bank will verify the validity of your login phone number, password, or gesture password. If you forget your login password and need to reset it, our bank will need to verify your identity information, including phone number, name, ID type, ID number, card number, card password, security tool information, and facial image. Our bank will also collect device information for hardware binding and login security reinforcement. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to log in or retrieve your password, but this does not affect your normal use of the functions or services available without logging in.
For certain brands or models of mobile terminals, you can choose the fingerprint/facial recognition authentication method based on the local biometric features of the device, and the information will be processed by the mobile terminal. Our bank does not retain the biometric information of your mobile terminal. You can turn on or off fingerprint/facial recognition function through "My Settings Security Center Login Management" in mobile banking.
When you start mobile banking, it will conditionally read the contents of your phone clipboard and ask if you need to transfer money to this bank account. If you confirm, it will automatically redirect to the transfer page and fill in the read numbers in the account field to simplify your operation. When you copy the product sharing password, mobile banking will read the contents of the clipboard and display a pop-up box. If you click to view, you will be redirected to the corresponding product page. You can set whether to read the clipboard at startup through the "Settings - Personalization Switch - clipboard reading" function of mobile banking. The read content is only stored locally on the client side and will not be transmitted to the backend server. If you do not agree, it does not affect your normal use of other functions.
(2) If you choose to transfer funds, self associate, reset passwords, authenticate your identity, or use other facial recognition functions in mobile banking, there will be a separate "Face Authorization Agreement" on the facial recognition page. Only with your consent will our bank collect your facial image information. The original facial image information will be encrypted in the front-end and sent to our back-end system for face comparison after completing liveness detection. It will be stored in encrypted form in our back-end database and will not be shared with other third parties. If you do not provide the above information, our bank will not be able to provide you with products or services that require facial recognition authentication before use.
(3) When you use your phone number to transfer money or recharge phone bills involving the contact book function, our bank only retrieves the contact information you selected from the contact book; If you use the phone recharge function through voice navigation, our bank will read all the contents of the address book to match names and phone numbers. The contents of the address book read above are only for the current operation and local use on the phone, and will not be retained in our bank's backend. If you do not need to use the above functions, you may not provide this information, which will not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking. You can manually enter your phone number instead of selecting through the address book.
(4) When you use transfer remittance, mobile banking payment, and QR code payment functions, you
We need to provide the recipient's name, bank card number/account number, account opening bank, purpose of funds information, and may also need to provide your name, mobile phone number, ID type, and ID number information for identity verification and payment services using the above functions. When you use the cross-border remittance function, our bank will collect the remitter's name, address, contact phone number, postal code, transfer account number, as well as the recipient's name, country, detailed address, and recipient account number. When you use BOC overseas remittance, you will also collect the names of overseas students, their ID number numbers and relevant proof materials for studying abroad. When you use the Western Union study abroad remittance function, student name, address, and student ID information will also be collected; When using the Western Union remittance function, your country/region of birth, issuing country/region, province/city, postal code, and occupation information will also be collected. When you use the Hong Kong and Macau tuition payment function, student names, detailed addresses, and accompanying information will be collected. In addition, our bank will also collect your relevant payment and receipt transaction records for your reference. If you refuse to provide this information, it will only prevent you from using the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
Our bank will also collect your transaction information to form a recipient list or remittance template to simplify your transfer operation. You can choose not to automatically save as a common recipient, or delete it from the recipient list or remittance template.
(5) When you use life services, branch queues, foreign currency cash reservations, safe deposit boxes, and some third-party services, our bank may collect your identity information and business processing information to provide you with services or make appointment registrations. At the same time, our bank may collect your geographical location information in order to provide you with corresponding services based on your location. If you refuse to provide this information, it will affect your experience of using the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(6) When you use the loan application function, our bank will collect your personal basic information (including borrower's name, birthday, age, gender, nationality, place of origin, marital status, family relationship, address, borrower's phone number), personal identity information (including ID card, passport, validity period of ID card, ID photo or photocopy), personal education and work information (including borrower's education background, degree, academic record, education experience, personal occupation, position, professional title, work unit, work location, salary), personal property information including borrower's financial account information (bank card number, payment account, provident fund account, provident fund joint account, account opening time, account opening institution, account balance, payment mark information), personal transaction information (overdraft records, transaction status, bills). The Personal asset information (personal income status, property information, financial asset information, deposit information, vehicle information, tax amount, provident fund deposit details, bank statements, personal social security and medical insurance deposit amounts), personal loan information (personal loan information, repayment information, debt information, credit records, credit information, guarantee situation), personal communication information, personal device information, personal location information, personal judicial information, third-party credit evaluation information, personal biometric information, etc. will be used to evaluate your loan qualifications. After confirming the legality of the source of personal information from third-party institutions, third-party institution information will be used on the premise of complying with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(7) When you use the investment and wealth management function, our bank will collect your name, bank card number/account information. When you use the insurance function, your identity information, address, marital status, occupation, communication method, vehicle information, house information, and health information may be collected to form a policy; We may collect the information of the policyholder and insured that you input to form a list for your next quick insurance application. You can choose to remove it from the insurance application list; It is also possible to collect ID photos of policyholders, insured persons, and beneficiaries for identification and data preservation purposes; If you purchase wealth management or insurance, our bank will also collect your transaction behavior (including operation trajectory, filled in or clicked content) on the product sales page in accordance with laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, for the purpose of recording the sales process for traceable management; If you apply for opening the "North Link" function of cross-border financial service, you may collect your ID number of Hong Kong/Macao residents and Hong Kong/Macao remittance account number; If you apply for opening the "South Link" function of cross-border wealth management, you may collect your identity information, registered residence registration or social security or tax information, family financial assets information, and investment experience information for investor qualification review or identity verification. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(8) When you use the online dual recording function, you may need to provide facial image information for identity recognition. According to laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, our bank will collect your audio and video information and synchronize the recording of the product sales process. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(9) When you use the credit inquiry function, we will query your credit report to the basic database of financial credit information according to your ID number number, and we will feed back the query results to you through the electronic banking system. We will not view, use, intercept or disclose the query results. After our bank receives the credit report query result for 7 natural days, your credit report query result will be automatically deleted. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(10) When you use SMS notification and message push services, our bank will collect your mobile phone number, device information, account information, and transaction information in order to promptly send you account fund changes and related transaction notifications. To ensure timely message push, mobile banking will only enable self start or associated start function during offline push. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use such notification and messaging services.
(11) When you use mobile transaction codes, mobile shields, SIM shields, local number authentication, and Bank of China e-shield as security authentication tools, our bank will collect your mobile phone number, mobile device information, and transaction information
In order to perform security verification and display transaction information for your confirmation. When you use the mobile transaction code, our bank will send it to your contracted mobile phone number, and the mobile banking may automatically read the verification code and display it on the system keyboard. When you use SIM shield and local number authentication, our bank will send your reserved mobile phone number to the mobile communication operator (China Mobile/China Unicom/China Telecom) for transaction verification. When you use the SIM shield, our bank will collect the transaction information and display it on the SIM shield password input interface for you to confirm the transaction information. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use this type of security authentication tool service.
(12) You can also open personal Class II and III electronic accounts, personal pension accounts, and railway e-card accounts online through "Online Registration" or "My Settings Security Center Online Account Opening". You need to provide our bank with your name, ID type, ID number, ID issuance date, ID expiration date, gender, country/region, occupation, ethnicity, date of birth, ID address, mobile phone number, bound account number (card number), bound account type (whether it is a Class I account or credit card account), and facial image to handle this business. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(13) When you use the commemorative coin reservation function, our bank will collect your identity information, communication information, and business processing information for you to make an appointment registration. At the same time, our bank will collect your geographical location information in order to provide you with corresponding services for your location. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(14) When you use the phone bill recharge function, our bank will collect your recharge number and submit it to the phone bill recharge service provider for recharging with the designated number for you. In addition, our bank will also collect your phone bill recharge transaction records for your reference. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(15) When you use the life payment function to pay for public utilities, administrative services, education and training, public transportation and other expenses, our bank will collect necessary personal information according to the payment project requirements, which may include name, ID number, mobile phone number, payment account, customer number, payment code, payment user number, and payment amount information. According to regulatory requirements, it is necessary to return the four element information of the customer's payment account (account number, household head name, affiliated bank, and account opening branch) to State Grid. In addition, some payment functions are supported by Everbright Bank. You fully understand and authorize us to collect and provide your personal information to State Grid and Everbright Payment according to specific business needs for payment business functions. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the function, but it will not affect your use of other functions.
When you apply for the subscription and withholding (entrusted withholding) service, our bank will collect your name, ID card number, bank card number (account number), mobile phone number and payment user number information, and bind the payment user number with the bank card number (account number), so as to deduct from your authorized binding account after obtaining your pending bill. Our bank also verifies the validity of your relevant information in our bank by verifying the bank card number (account) password, SMS verification code, dynamic password, mobile phone shield, and Bank of China E-shield. We send the payment user number to the billing unit for validity verification to ensure the successful acquisition of your outstanding bill.
(16) When you use the equity service, online precious metal sales system, and points mall service, our bank will need to obtain your name, ID number, and contact information. You also need to fill in the equity appointment information, recipient name, shipping address, and mobile phone number information on the order page. At the same time, the order will include the order number, the goods or services you purchased, the amount you should pay, and payment method information. Our bank collects this information to provide you with mall services.
When booking air tickets, train tickets, movie tickets, hotels, and other services, you may also need to provide your real name information in accordance with national laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, or service providers (including ticket sellers, hotels, travel agencies and their authorized agents, basic telecommunications operators, mobile resale operators, etc.). This real name information may include your identity information (such as copies or numbers of your resident ID card, military officer certificate, passport, driver's license, Hong Kong and Macao resident residence permit, Taiwan resident residence permit, etc.), your own photo, name, and phone number. These orders may include your itinerary and hotel address information.
All the above information constitutes your order information, which our bank will use for your identity verification, transaction confirmation, payment settlement, delivery completion, order inquiry, and customer service consultation and after-sales service; Our bank will also use your order information to determine if there are any abnormalities in your transaction to protect your transaction security. After placing the order, you can choose to use Bank of China card payment or other bank card payment. After you place an order and choose cash on delivery or complete payment online, the merchant and third-party delivery company will complete the delivery of your order. You hereby agree that merchants, third-party delivery companies, after-sales services, etc. may use your order information to provide you with goods or services.
(17) When you use the functions of income and expenditure records, my ledger, monthly bills, and annual bills, our bank will classify and compile statistics based on your asset profile, financial income, account income and expenditure, transfer operations, ledger settings, and your usage of mobile banking functions in the previous calendar month/year, in order to provide you with a more intuitive understanding of income and expenditure and related assets in the previous calendar month/year. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(18) When you use the credit card application function, our bank will collect your name, phone number, ID information, age, company name, job title, income, education information, and contact person information. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
（1
9) When you use the sharing function to share products or services related to mobile banking with others, our bank will conduct statistics on your sharing based on your phone number. You can check in the "My Sharing" function. When you click on the information shared by others to enter mobile banking and conduct transactions (self-service registration of mobile banking, funds, wealth management, structured deposits, large deposit certificates, personal pensions), our bank will conduct a statistical analysis of the sharing situation based on your mobile phone number and name. The data of this sharing behavior will only be counted when you use the sharing function.
(20) When you use the personal pension fund account function, our bank will submit your personal basic information, product investment information, and fund information to the banking and insurance industry platform. For transactions involving personal pension wealth management products, our bank will provide real-time updates on account information such as changes and cancellations of personal pension fund accounts, payment and receipt information of personal pension fund accounts, and related transaction information of personal pension wealth management products to the wealth management industry platform.
(21) When you use the "My Military Family" function in the military zone to add your military family information, you need to provide the other party's name, ID type, ID number, and mobile phone number in order to locate their military family identity and add them as your military family, so that they can use the relevant services in the military zone with their military family identity. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(22) When you choose to use the desktop component functions such as widgets on your mobile device to add, use, or update the mobile banking desktop component, our bank will automatically launch the mobile banking client to retrieve and refresh the component content. You can choose not to add or remove the mobile banking desktop component according to the device system requirements, which does not affect your use of other products/services provided by our bank.
When you choose to use the account withdrawal application function, our bank will collect your bank card number and intended limit information. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(24) When you use the smart canteen function, our bank may collect your geographical location information in order to provide you with corresponding services at your location. If you refuse to provide this information, it will affect your experience of using the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
3. When you use mobile banking services, in order to maintain the normal operation of the service and ensure the security of your transactions, our bank will collect your geographical location information, electronic device information, operation log information, the type and method of using mobile banking functions or services, as well as your user information in our bank. Based on the purpose of preventing electronic banking fraud or the requirements of authorized authorities, we will analyze this information. In situations where there may be risks, in order to verify your identity, our bank may collect your bank card number (account) password, SMS verification code, dynamic password code, and facial image information. If you do not agree to provide the aforementioned information, you may not be able to pass the risk control verification for that transaction.
4. In order to provide you with better quality products and services, our bank may need to collect the following information:
(1) Promotion activity function
To provide you with better service, mobile banking may use your information for marketing and promotion, sending product and service information to you through message push and other means. You can refuse to receive relevant information by turning off the marketing promotion message reminder switch and marketing service SMS notification switch in the "Message Settings" of mobile banking. Unless you agree, our bank will not send you marketing message push notifications.
When you participate in promotional activities, our bank may collect your bank card/account number and corresponding user identification, age, mobile phone number, WeChat steps, financial asset information bound to Bank of China's WeChat banking for the purpose of determining the entry and achievement criteria for the activity. We may also collect your name, bank card number, ID number, mobile phone number, mobile device, mailing address, transaction amount information for prize distribution, tax reporting, identity recognition and other marketing activities. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(2) I want the message function
In order to improve user experience and provide better service quality, our bank has provided the "I want to leave a message" function. You can enter this function through "My - About Us", which will collect your contact information and message content. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.
(3) Search function
When you use the search service provided by mobile banking, we will collect your search keyword information. When the search keyword information cannot individually identify your personal identity, the information does not belong to your user information, and our bank can use it for other purposes; When the combination of search keyword information with your other information can identify your personal identity, our bank will treat your search keyword information as your user information during the combination period and protect it.
(4) Personalized service
To provide you with more accurate, personalized, and convenient services and enhance your service experience, our bank will analyze your customer basic information, click operation information, position information, and asset information to display personalized feature recommendations and investment and financial product recommendations to you. At the same time, to ensure your autonomy in receiving information, our bank also provides display content that is not based on personalized recommendation algorithms. You can enter the "My Settings Personalized Settings" menu and turn off the "Personalized Recommendation" and "Homepage Customization" switch settings.
Our bank will also collect information on the types of functions or services you use, such as startup, login, logout, clicking, browsing, device information, operating system information, and location information, for statistical analysis and optimization and improvement of functional services.
Our bank may invite you to participate in a survey, and you can choose whether or not to participate. If you choose to participate, our bank will analyze the information you provide to improve our services. To ensure your autonomy in receiving the questionnaire, you can enter the "Me Settings Personalization" menu, open "Questionnaire Do Not Disturb", and our bank will no longer push the questionnaire to you.
5. When you use it in mobile banking
When providing third-party services, in order to ensure that you can use the services and benefits provided by the third party normally, with your explicit consent, the third party may obtain your name, gender, ID type, ID number, mobile phone number, as well as user identification, affiliated institution number, date of opening mobile banking, and other information generated by the bank's internal system; For the relevant information that you voluntarily provide to a third party after switching to a third-party service, such as actively entering information, allowing access to location information, allowing the phone camera to access photos, recognizing information through OCR, and selecting images from the phone's photo album, our bank will consider it as your permission for the third party to access such information; For the information generated by you when using the third-party service, you should legally agree with the third party on the collection and use of the above information. Third party services may also directly use system permissions that have been explicitly notified to you and authorized by you. You can view the authorized applications, authorization time, and authorized personal information content in "My Settings Security Center Authorization Management" of mobile banking. You can also use this function to revoke authorization. If you refuse to allow third parties to collect, use or transmit the above information when providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the corresponding third-party services in mobile banking, but this does not affect your use of other functions of mobile banking. After revoking the authorization, our bank is unable to continue providing you with the services corresponding to the revocation of authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
When you jump to the "BOBO Phonograph" function through mobile banking, a third-party service provider will collect your voice information to provide you with sound reproduction services. The voice information will be transmitted and saved on the third-party server. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the function, but it will not affect your use of other functions.
6. You can choose whether to authorize our bank to use your personal information or permissions in the following functions:
(1) Camera (or Camera): Used for recognizing QR codes, facial recognition authentication, taking photos to identify card numbers during transfers, scanning, ETC, online account opening, foreign currency communication, online customer service, online dual recording, premium benefits, My Benefits, activation of study abroad cards, QR code withdrawals, avatar settings, life ID photo shooting, personal loan video interviews.
(2) Album and file storage: used for file caching, QR code recognition, facial recognition authentication, card number recognition during transfer, scanning, ETC, online account opening, avatar setting function, foreign currency communication, online customer service, sharing function, exclusive benefits, My Benefits, study abroad card activation, and life document photo shooting.
(3) Mobile device permissions: used to obtain device identification information, for login, device binding, local number authentication, mobile shield activation, message push, and risk control.
(4) Microphone: Used for facial recognition, Bank of China e-Shield (audio key), voice wake-up, voice assistant, voice search, online dual recording, BOBO phonograph, premium benefits, my benefits, online customer service, personal loan video interview.
(5) Fingerprint/facial recognition hardware: used for fingerprint recognition and facial recognition login functions.
(6) Address book: used for transfer, phone recharge function, active collection and payment, and voice interaction.
(7) Geographical location: Used for transaction risk control, branch appointment queuing, foreign currency cash reservation, safe deposit box, daily payment, electronic social security card, branch specialty services, Bank of China e-shield (Bluetooth Key), exclusive benefits, My Benefits, industry code, Bank of China study abroad remittance, Silver Hair Zone - Silver Hair Map third-party merchant, travel platform, online account opening, smart canteen.
(8) Bluetooth: Used for Bank of China e-Shield (Bluetooth Key).
(9) Network communication is used to communicate with the server.
(10) Notification permission: Used for message push reminders.
(11) Siri: Used to activate Siri.
(12) Storage permissions: Used for credit card bills, online customer service, foreign currency communication, scanning, Bank of China e-Shield (Bluetooth Key), premium benefits, and My Benefits.
(13) Clipboard: used for sharing password recognition and quick transfer redirection.
(14) Application list permission: Used for sharing functions and external applications to activate mobile banking.
(15) Floating box permission: used for risk warning when the app switches to the background.
(16) NFC: Chongqing Livable Smooth Card.
(17) Calendar: Used to synchronize mobile banking financial calendar events to the mobile system calendar.
The above functions may require you to grant us access to your camera (camera), photo album (image library), geographic location (location information), microphone, Bluetooth, Face ID, storage space, phone, SMS, NFC, and contacts on your device to collect and use the information involved in these functions. Various products or services will also request permission from you through pop ups when using these permissions. Please note that by granting these permissions, you authorize our bank to collect and use this information to achieve the above functions. You can cancel the permissions through the permission management functions set in the mobile system. If you cancel these authorizations, our bank will no longer continue to collect and use your information, nor will we be able to provide you with the functions corresponding to these authorizations.
7. In the process of providing services to you, our system may also collect the following information through third-party SDKs. If you do not provide the following information, you will not be able to use such services.
(1) Electronic social security card SDK: When you apply for the electronic social security card function, we use the SDK of Jinbaoxin Social Security Card Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 010-84240704 to 831), which will collect your name, mobile phone number, social security number, ID card number, social security card bank account number, social security card photo, ID card photo, face photo, precise positioning, health status, and electronic social security card password to transmit to the electronic social security card system for generating electronic social security card and using electronic social security card related functions. The SDK will also use facial recognition services provided by Jinbaoxin Social Security Card Technology Co., Ltd. to verify your identity.
(2) UnionPay Travel SDK: When you use the UnionPay ride code, our bank uses the SDK of China UnionPay Co., Ltd. (contact number: 95516) to collect your name, online banking customer number, and identification documents
Type, ID number, bank card number, and geographic location information are transmitted to the UnionPay system for generating a QR code for boarding. At the same time, in order to ensure the security of data and user information, prevent the leakage or malicious tampering of data such as ride code signature keys and authorization information in the SDK, the SDK uses the security reinforcement service provided by NetEase Yidun to securely encrypt and protect the ride code data and information in the SDK.
(3) Tencent Turing Shield Risk Identification SDK (Android and HarmonyOS versions)/Security Risk Control SDK (iOS version): Our bank uses the security risk control SDK from Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. (contact number: 4006-700-700). When you use the Android client, we collect your mobile device information, including network status, system settings, system properties (including sensor list information), device model, operating system, IP address, etc OAID、Android ID、 The installation list, IMEI, and IMSI are encrypted and stored in our bank's backend to ensure the security of your transactions.
When you use the HarmonyOS client, your mobile device information is collected, including network status (including network connection type, operator, WIFI status), system settings, system properties (including sensor list information), device model, operating system, IP address, OAID (optional). The above information is encrypted and stored in our bank's backend to ensure the security of your transactions.
When using the iOS client, the information that needs to be collected includes the IDFA identifier (advertising identifier), IDFV identifier, mobile network IP address, WiFi MAC address, WiFi IP address, current battery level, CPU model, disk size, used disk size, time zone, overall memory size, phone system time, device format, device name, system version, device model, device resolution, screen brightness, battery charging status, CPU core count, country information, local language information, whether connected to the mobile network identifier, whether connected to the WiFi network identifier, network model used, operator name, mobile network country code, mobile network country code, mobile network code, device screen width, device screen height, and whether the device is an emulator identifier. Is the device marked as jailbroken WiFi bssid, App version number, SDK version number, APPID, whether VPN identification is used, proxy information IP and port, and the last obtained token value are encrypted and stored in our bank's backend to ensure the security of your transactions.
(4) Mobile Shield SDK: When you activate and use the Mobile Shield service, our bank uses the Mobile Shield SDK from Shanghai Zhongren Network Security Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Xin'an Century Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 010-68025518) to collect your device information. For the Android version client, the information includes Android device number, device unique identifier, device model, device name, device serial number, motherboard model, MAC address, CPU architecture, number of CPUs, compiled version, root and hook status, and system version; For the iOS client, the information includes UUID, device model, device name, root status, system version, CPU architecture, and MAC address. The above information is stored in our bank's backend for device identification and mobile shield security authentication.
(5) Facial Recognition SDK: In order to provide you with facial recognition services, our bank has used the facial recognition SDK from Guangzhou Yuncong Information Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 400-151-5992), which requires obtaining your facial information to implement facial recognition functions.
(6) Speech Recognition SDK (iFlytek SDK): In order to provide you with speech text recognition services, our bank has used the speech recognition SDK from iFlytek Co., Ltd. (contact number: 4000-199-199), which requires obtaining your speech information and the IMEI of the device IMSI、android id、WiFi MAC， Used to implement voice recognition and voice search functions.
(7) WeChat login SDK: When you log in with your WeChat account, our bank used the WeChat login SDK from Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. (contact number: 4006-700-700), which requires obtaining your authorized shared account information (avatar, nickname, region, gender) from WeChat for integrating WeChat account login functionality.
(8) Fingerprint Authentication SDK: In order to provide you with fingerprint authentication services, our bank has used the fingerprint authentication SDK from National Authentication Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (contact number: 010-56726171), which requires obtaining the fingerprint authentication result of your device to implement the fingerprint authentication function.
(9) Tencent Location SDK: In order to provide you with location-based services, our bank has used the Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. (contact number: 4006-700-700) Location SDK. The above SDK needs to obtain your location information, application installation list information, WiFi information (WiFi scan records), and device serial number to achieve location functionality.
(10) Shence SDK: In order to provide you with a better service experience, our bank has used the SDK of Shence Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (contact number: 010-62080817) to obtain your startup, login, logout, clicking, browsing and other operation behaviors, as well as device model, operating system, unique device identifier (UUID for iOS system, Android id for Android system, UUID for Harmony OS system), screen size, login IP address, network access method and location information for statistical analysis.
(11) China Mobile Local Number Authentication SDK: If the operator of the mobile phone number used by your phone on the mobile communication network is China Mobile, when you use the local number authentication, our bank uses the SDK provided by China Mobile Communications Group Beijing Co., Ltd. (contact number: 10086) to obtain the IP address, device type, system information, network type, and network standard,
Used to implement local number authentication function.
(12) China Unicom Local Number Authentication SDK: If the operator of the mobile phone number used on your mobile communication network is China Unicom, and you use the SDK provided by China United Network Communications Co., Ltd. (contact number: 10010) for local number authentication, we need to obtain the IP address, device type, operating system version, network type, and network standard to implement the local number authentication function.
(13) China Telecom Local Number Authentication SDK: If the operator of the mobile phone number used on your mobile communication network is China Telecom, when you use local number authentication, our bank uses the SDK provided by China Telecom Co., Ltd. (contact number: 10000), and needs to obtain the operator type, IP address, device type, operating system version, and network type to implement the local number authentication function.
For the Android client, in addition to the above SDKs, the following third-party SDKs are also involved:
(14) Personal push notification SDK: In order to timely push notifications to you, our bank has used the message push SDK from Daily Interactive Co., Ltd. (contact number: 4006-808-606). This SDK needs to obtain your device brand, model, system version, SDK card information, application list permissions, current running application processes, and write external storage file permissions to implement message push services.
(15) Huawei Push SDK: In order to timely push message notifications to you, our bank has used the push SDK from Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (contact number: 4000-955-988), which requires obtaining AAID (Application Anonymous Identifier), Application Token, Topic subscription relationship, device storage information, and Android ID information to implement mobile push services for Huawei phones.
(16) Xiaomi Push SDK: In order to timely push message notifications to you, our bank has used the push SDK from Beijing Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 400-100-5678), which requires obtaining the unique identifier (IMEI number) of the mobile terminal, device model, device brand, system information, Android system version information, network type, WiFi status, device storage, AAID (application anonymous identifier) information, device identifier OAID, and encrypted Android ID to achieve mobile push services for Xiaomi phones.
(17) Meizu Push SDK: In order to timely push message notifications to you, our bank has used the push SDK from Meizu Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 400-788-3333), which requires obtaining the unique identifier (IMEI number) of the mobile terminal, device model, system information, Android system version information, IP address, Mac address, and location information to implement Meizu mobile push services.
(18) VIVO Push SDK: In order to timely push message notifications to you, our bank has used the push SDK from VIVO Mobile Communications Co., Ltd. (contact number: 400-678-9688), which requires obtaining device identification information (IMEI OAID、EmmCID、GUID、GAID、 The encrypted Android ID, current running program, device model, system information, and network information (such as IP address and network type) are used to implement mobile push services for VIVO phones.
(19) OPPO Push SDK: In order to timely push message notifications to you, our bank has used the push SDK from Guangdong Huantai Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 400-199-9666), which requires obtaining device identifiers (such as IMEI or OAID) IMSI、Android ID）、 Device model, system version information, application information (such as application package name, version number), network information (such as IP or domain connection results, network type), used to implement mobile push services for OPPO phones.
(20) Honor Push SDK: In order to timely push message notifications to you, our bank has used the push SDK from Shenzhen Honor Software Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 95030), which requires obtaining device identifiers (AAID, PushToken) to implement mobile push services for Honor phones.
(21) Cloud QuickPass SDK: When you use the Cloud QuickPass function, our bank uses the Cloud QuickPass SDK from China UnionPay Co., Ltd. (contact number: 95516) to collect your IMEI and Android ID device information, which is only used for client key generation and not transmitted to the background.
(22) Chongqing Smooth Card Recharge SDK: In order to provide you with the service of Chongqing Smooth Card sticker recharge, our bank has used the Smooth Card Recharge SDK from Chongqing Mobile Finance Co., Ltd. (contact number: 400-668-0366). This SDK requires obtaining the unique identifier (IMEI number) of the mobile terminal, device model, network information, NFC permission, camera permission, Bluetooth permission, location information, and storage information to enable card sticker recharge for NFC phones and Bluetooth terminal recharge for non NFC phones.
(23) Video Interview SDK: In order to provide you with personal loan video interview services, our bank has used the audio and video SDK from Shanghai Sailian Information Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 400-900-3567). In order to ensure that you can use audio and video services normally and maintain stable service operation, the SDK will need to obtain your device model, operating system version, and IP address information.
(24) License Recognition SDK: In order to provide you with license OCR recognition services, our bank has used the OCR recognition SDK from Shanghai Hehe Information Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 021-55663009). The SDK needs to obtain the images you have taken or selected for recognition, as well as device ID and Android ID information, in order to implement the OCR recognition function for your ID card and bank card.
(25) Dual Recording SDK (Yigu Network SDK): In order to provide you with video dual recording services, our bank has used Yigu Network Technology Co., Ltd. (contact number: 0)
The video dual recording SDK (21-61934408) requires obtaining your voice and camera information, mobile operating system model, and is used to implement the video dual recording function.
(26) Cloud Input Method SDK: In order to provide you with cloud input method services, our bank has used the Cloud Input Method SDK from Beijing National Institute of Financial Standardization Co., Ltd. (contact number: 010-83111735), which does not collect your customer information.
(27) Bank of China's self-developed SDK: Our bank has encapsulated SDK methods to assist in completing mobile banking clipboard reading, voice recognition, risk control detection, and simulator detection functions. The above SDK does not collect your customer information.
(28) Google Support V4 SDK: In order to improve the page display effect, our bank used the open source framework provided by Google, which does not collect customer information.
(29) Bangbang Reinforcement SDK: In order to protect the security of the APP and reinforce it, our bank has introduced the SDK provided by Bangbang Security (contact phone: 400-888-1881), which does not collect your customer information.
(30) Partial open source SDK: In order to enhance your APP user experience, our bank uses multiple open source software, and the above SDKs do not collect your customer information.
If we collect or use your information outside of the above circumstances, we will seek your consent in advance and fully inform you of the purpose, method, and scope of information collection and use.
（2） How to use personal information
1. To provide you with our bank's financial products or services and to use them for improving these products or services.
2. During the period when our bank provides financial services to you, you authorize our bank to continuously collect and use your information. When you cancel the service, our bank will stop collecting your relevant personal information, but we will continue to use the previously collected personal information in areas such as business data archiving, auditing, regulatory investigation, and compliance with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations.
3. To enhance your product or service experience, or to prevent risks, our bank will summarize, analyze, and process the usage of services, but this information will not include any of your identification information.
4. In order to inform you of the use of our financial products or services or to further understand our services, we will send you service status notifications and business reminders for related products or services. You can refuse to receive relevant information by turning off the relevant reminder switch in the "Message Settings" section of mobile banking.
5. Authorized and agreed upon by you, as well as for other purposes permitted by law.
（3） Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and national standards, our bank may collect and use your personal information without seeking your authorization or consent in the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
5. The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
6. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
7. Necessary to sign and fulfill the contract according to your request;
8. Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting and handling product or service failures;
9. Necessary for conducting statistical or academic research in the public interest, and when providing results of academic research or descriptions to external parties, the personal information contained in the results is de identified;
10. To comply with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations;
11. Other circumstances stipulated by laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the service, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store your preference data. We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change the user settings every time you visit our bank's app.
（2） Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your choice.
3、 How can we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Sharing and Transfer
1. Unless we obtain your explicit consent or authorization, our bank will not share or transfer your personal information to any other company, organization, or individual.
2. If the business requires the sharing or transfer of your personal information to external parties, our bank will inform you of the types of sharing or transfer of personal information, the name or name of the data recipient, contact information, processing purposes, and processing methods, and obtain your authorization and consent. For sensitive personal information, our bank will also inform you of the type of sensitive personal information, the identity and data security capabilities of the data recipient, the necessity of processing sensitive personal information, and the impact on your personal rights, and obtain your separate explicit authorization and consent.
3. Please understand that our bank may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, mandatory requirements from government authorities, or to comply with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations.
4. According to laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and business practices, in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, and similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, our bank will separately inform you
Notify the name or contact information of the new company or organization (hereinafter referred to as the "information recipient") that holds your personal information, and require the information recipient to continue to be bound by this privacy policy and fulfill the obligations of a personal information processor. If the recipient of the information changes the original processing purpose or method, our bank will require them to seek your authorization and consent again.
5. Your personal information may be shared within our bank and its subsidiaries. Our bank will only share it with your separate authorization and consent, and this sharing is subject to the purposes stated in this policy. Once the purpose and method of processing personal information are changed, we will seek your authorization and consent again. The scope of sharing personal information will depend on the specific business situation. If required to submit statistical information to the financial supervision and management department, your personal identity information and account information may be shared within our bank's various operating institutions and subsidiaries.
6. In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, some of our services will be provided by our partners. Our bank may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. The specific information shared can be found on the separate authorization pages for each function. Our bank will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and with your separate authorization and consent. We will only share personal information necessary for providing services. At the same time, our bank will sign strict confidentiality agreements with our partners, requiring them to strictly handle your personal information in accordance with the purposes, deadlines, processing methods, information types, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures agreed upon with our bank. Our bank will require our partners to have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. If you refuse our partner to share with us the personal information we collect necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the service at our bank.
(1) Third party services in the life service category: The usage scenario is for third-party services in the mobile banking life channel and silver hair area, such as Meituan, Vipshop, Nongfu Spring, etc. Our bank may provide your personal information to the designated life service provider according to your instructions or with your consent, including your name, gender, ID type, ID number, mobile phone number, as well as information generated by the bank's internal system such as institution number, provincial bank interbank number, customer online banking institution number, online banking customer number, and the date of opening mobile banking for core customer numbers. Among them, the institution number, provincial bank interbank number, and customer online banking institution number are collectively referred to as "affiliated institution information", while the online banking customer number and core customer number are collectively referred to as "user identification". The use of customer information for this type of service is encrypted transmission through an interface, with the purpose of satisfying customers' use of third-party services provided within the China Bank mobile banking app. Please refer to the "Authorization Agreement" on the interaction page for details. You can check the name, authorization time, and authorization information of the partner institution you have authorized in the Authorization Management section of Mobile Banking - My Settings - Security Center, and you can also revoke the authorization.
(2) Government services: The usage scenario is for our bank to cooperate with government agencies such as the Medical Insurance Bureau and the Housing Management Bureau. When you use government services such as medical insurance electronic certificates, we provide your personal information to these government agencies for the purpose of providing you with corresponding services. The usage method is to transmit through the backend interface. For specific information items, please refer to the specific functional process page.
(3) Entrusted collection service: The usage scenario is the personal collection service provided by our bank. Our bank will collect and store personal information that you need to actively provide or use during the process of handling the collection service, including user ID, name, mobile phone number, deduction account, etc., according to your consent and authorization. The usage method is encrypted transmission through the interface, and the purpose is to sign the entrusted deduction agreement, execute the entrusted deduction instruction, and notify the deduction processing result information.
(4) Payment business: use scenarios include QR code payment, quick debit card payment with one button, mobile phone flash payment. Our bank will provide the personal information necessary for handling this business to UnionPay, or Alipay, WeChat and other third-party payment institutions according to your authorization. Including: name, phone number, deduction account, ID type, ID number, etc.
(5) Agency sales of financial products: These institutions are issuers of their financial products (such as wealth management, public funds, insurance, etc.) that are sold on behalf of our bank. In order to enable you to purchase the aforementioned financial products and enjoy corresponding product customer services, our bank may share your relevant information with product managers, regulatory agencies and their designated professional institutions, as well as customer service providers such as Bank of China Financial Business Co., Ltd. for processing. For specific authorization information, please refer to the authorization documents in the transaction process, including the "Sales Agreement for Asset Management Products of Bank of China Limited", "Product Investment Agreement", "Declaration and Authorization of Bank of China policyholders", etc.
(6) Loan and credit card related businesses: for the needs of related businesses (review of credit card/installment payment/loan application, borrower's identity verification, pre loan investigation, risk assessment, loan review and approval, loan limit management, loan contract signing, loan guarantee, loan issuance, post loan inspection, post loan monitoring and early warning, collection (including entrusting a third party to collect), litigation/arbitration/mediation, verification of information related to loans, post loan changes (such as interest rate preference, repayment method change), asset transfer, risk monitoring, handling of objections and consultation, comprehensive statistics and research analysis for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory requirements and strengthening risk management, submission of regulatory information, etc.), performance of anti money laundering obligations or tax, audit, litigation/arbitration/mediation. Performing regulatory requirements and other disclosures in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, Or as required by the competent authority, our bank may transmit your personal basic information, educational background information, student status information, career information, contact information, address information, personal credit information and comments to the People's Bank of China and the basic database of financial credit information and credit reporting institutions or systems, government agencies, public security organs, financial regulators, government credit institutions, tax, social security, provident fund, Xuexin Network, Jinbaoxin Social Security Card Technology Co., Ltd., China Financial Certification Center (CFCA), service partners (credit card gift/service partners, co branded card partners, credit card value-added service providers, cooperative card organizations, etc.)
Related information such as asset information and liability information. For the purpose of overdue collection of loans under the product contract, a third-party cooperative institution can be entrusted to collect outstanding debts, and your name, gender, type of ID or identification documents, ID number, contact phone number, contact address, and debt information can be transmitted to the collection service provider or other third-party cooperative institutions through encrypted technology or encrypted mobile media. For the purpose of providing product consultation, complaint handling and other customer services necessary for the performance of the product contract, your name, ID number and other necessary personal information are transmitted through encryption technology or encrypted mobile media. For the purpose of asset transfer, your name, ID number and other necessary personal information will be transmitted through encryption technology or encrypted mobile media and entrusted to a third-party cooperative organization such as an asset appraisal company and a law firm for processing. For the purpose of strengthening risk management, your name, ID number number and other necessary personal information are transmitted through encryption technology or encrypted mobile media and entrusted to a third party cooperative organization such as a financial technology company and a data service provider for model design, analysis and testing. When the reward conditions for Bank of China's marketing activities are met, Bank of China may provide your mobile phone number to a third-party cooperative organization designated by Bank of China for marketing activity services, so that the third-party cooperative organization can redeem the activity reward and notify the reward payment status through the mobile phone number.
For more detailed information, please refer to the authorization documents in the specific product or service, such as the "Authorization Letter for Personal Credit Information Inquiry and Submission", "Credit Card Acquisition Contract of Bank of China Limited", "Rules and Terms of the" Bank of China Points 365 "Points Feedback Plan", "Authorization Letter for Personal Information", "Authorization Letter for Sensitive Personal Information", "Authorization Letter for Providing Personal Information to External Parties", personal consumption loan product contract, etc.
(7) Security authentication services. The usage scenario for local number authentication is security authentication. Our bank will provide the necessary personal information for using this function (i.e. the reserved phone number when you signed up for mobile banking) to the communication operator (China Mobile Communications Group Beijing Co., Ltd./China United Network Communications Co., Ltd./China Telecom Co., Ltd.) to which the number belongs according to your authorization. The purpose of use is to provide you with security authentication, and the method of use is to encrypt transmission through the backend interface.
(8) Other partners such as third-party SDK service providers. In order to provide you with better services, our mobile banking has embedded some SDKs that will collect your personal information in specific scenarios. Please refer to Article 7 of this Privacy Policy for details on how our bank collects and uses your personal information.
7. Tips on third-party information collection from you
Our mobile banking includes third-party products and services. Before using these third-party products and services, you need to be redirected to the corresponding third-party page. The third-party services you use will be subject to their terms of service and privacy policy (not this policy), and you need to carefully read their terms and decide whether to accept them. The personal information you voluntarily provide to third-party merchants through the third-party service page is the responsibility of the merchant for protecting the relevant customer information. Any disputes arising from third-party services or their use of your information, or any violation of relevant laws, regulations, or agreements by third-party services, or any losses suffered by you during the use of third-party services, shall be borne by the third party, and our bank will provide necessary assistance.
（2） Public disclosure
We will not publicly disclose your personal information. If disclosure is necessary, we will obtain your separate consent and inform you of the purpose and type of disclosure of personal information; For sensitive personal information, in addition to the above, our bank will also inform you of the necessity of processing sensitive personal information and the impact on your personal rights. Except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
（3） Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and national standards, our bank may share, transfer, or publicly disclose user information without obtaining your prior authorization and consent in the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life, property, reputation, etc., but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
6. To comply with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations;
7. User information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
4、 How can I store and protect your personal information
（1） Storage
1. The personal information collected and generated by our bank within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. However, in order to handle cross-border business and with your authorization and consent, your personal information, including the remitter's name, address, contact phone number, postal code, as well as the recipient's name, country, detailed address, and transfer account, will be transmitted overseas as part of the transaction information. When you use Bank of China's study abroad remittance or Western Union study abroad remittance services, the information transmitted overseas includes name, address, postal code, country of residence, email, student ID, and Western Union remittance services also involve birth country/region, issuing country/region, province/city of residence, and occupation information. In this case, our bank will take effective measures to protect your information security, such as requiring overseas institutions to keep your information confidential through agreements, verification, and other measures before cross-border data transfer.
2. Our bank will only retain your personal information for the minimum period required by laws and regulations or to comply with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations, as well as for the minimum period necessary to achieve the purpose of this policy statement. For example, investment suitability related information should be kept for at least 20 years, and fund investor information and transaction backups should be kept on non modifiable media for 15 years. When the data retention period is exceeded, our bank will delete or anonymize your information, except for those who need to retain your personal information to fulfill our compliance obligations according to laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. For example:
Mobile phone number: When you need to use mobile banking services, our bank needs to keep your mobile phone number saved to ensure security
Please confirm that you are using the service normally. After you cancel your mobile banking account, our bank will delete the corresponding information;
User profile picture: After you set up your profile picture, our bank will always save it for display on the login page. When you choose to restore the default avatar, our bank will delete the avatar information you have set.
Facial image: After you use facial recognition authentication, according to the "Facial Authorization Agreement" and regulatory requirements for the retention time limit of customer identity information and transaction records, our bank will save your encrypted facial image information to meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements and possible dispute resolution. After you cancel our electronic banking, our bank will delete the relevant facial information.
（2） Protection
1. We use security protection measures that meet industry standards to protect your personal information and prevent data from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss, and have passed relevant tests, such as filing and annual inspection of mobile financial client application software of China Internet Finance Association. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, our bank will adopt corresponding encryption and de identification technologies to ensure the confidentiality of data; Our bank will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Our bank will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And our bank will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
2. If all or part of the mobile banking services provided by our bank cease operation, our relevant products or services will inform you through announcements or other forms, and at the same time, stop the collection of your personal information and other operations by relevant products or services to protect your personal information security. If all or part of the mobile banking business is interrupted due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., our bank will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible.
3. Please understand that due to technical limitations and potential malicious attacks, there may be unexpected situations that our bank cannot reasonably foresee, prevent, avoid, or control. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. Please use complex passwords and security tools to help us ensure the security of your account.
4. In the event of a personal information security incident, our bank will promptly inform you of the relevant information of the incident through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions, or adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, our bank will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions.
5、 How can we give you the right to manage personal information
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions of the People's Republic of China, our bank guarantees that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
（1） Accessing, correcting, and updating your personal information
You have the right to access, correct, and update your personal information through our mobile banking channel, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. You are responsible for updating your personal information in a timely manner. Before you modify your personal information, we will verify your identity.
1. You can check your name, ID type, ID number, electronic banking customer number and other information through "My Settings Security Center Personal Information" in mobile banking or "Personal Settings Customer Information Management Personal Basic Information" in online banking. These key customer information cannot be changed online temporarily. You can bring your valid ID to our offline branch to handle the change; You can also query and modify your ID address information, permanent residence address information, work information, contact information (including mobile phone number, which can only be modified through mobile banking channels), etc; For resident ID card customers, they can also update the validity period of their resident ID card through mobile banking channels when the document is about to expire or has already expired.
2. You can set limits, login passwords, security tools, bind devices, and reserve information through the "My Settings Security Center" function in mobile banking or the "Personal Settings" function in online banking.
（2） Delete your personal information
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information from our bank:
1. If our bank's handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If our bank collects and uses your personal information without your consent;
3. If our bank's handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
5. If our bank no longer provides you with products or services;
6. If the user withdraws their consent to the privacy policy.
If our bank decides to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from our bank to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or these entities have obtained your independent authorization. After deleting the mobile banking app on your mobile terminal, the local information on the terminal will be deleted, but the personal information in the background has not been deleted. After you cancel your electronic banking account online or at the counter, you can delete your personal information in our services. When you delete information from our services, our bank may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
（3） Change the scope of your authorization or revoke your authorization
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For the collection and use of additional personal information, you can grant or revoke your authorization and consent at any time by enabling or disabling location service permissions, reading contact permissions, making phone calls permissions, etc. based on the different brands and models of your mobile phone. You can complete the process by clicking on 'Revoke Consent Agreement' in the 'My Privacy Policy' section of your mobile banking.
Please note that when you independently cancel our mobile banking service, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your consent to the Privacy Policy of our mobile banking service. For example, if you cancel our mobile banking service, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your consent to the Privacy Policy of our mobile banking service. After you withdraw your consent, our bank will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
（4） Personal Information Subject Account Cancellation
Like you
To register as a mobile banking user for our bank, you can close the mobile banking channel online or cancel your electronic banking, or go to the branch to cancel your electronic banking service. To close the mobile banking channel, you can log in to online banking and enter the "Personal Settings - Mobile Banking Activation/Closure" function. To cancel the electronic banking service, you can log in to your mobile banking and go to "My Settings Security Center Cancel Electronic Banking", or "My About Us" under Article 8 of the "China Bank Limited Mobile Banking Service Agreement" or search for "Cancel" to enter the online cancellation function.
Your cancellation of mobile banking is an irreversible act. Once you cancel your electronic banking, your mobile banking will be cancelled synchronously. Our bank will no longer collect your personal information through the mobile banking client and will delete all information related to your mobile banking, except as otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies regarding the storage time of personal information. If you are not a registered user of our mobile banking, you can choose to uninstall or stop using the mobile banking client to prevent our bank from obtaining your personal information.
Please note that when registered users of our mobile banking only delete the mobile banking app on their mobile devices, our bank will not cancel your mobile banking and all information related to your mobile banking will not be deleted. You still need to cancel your mobile banking account in order to achieve the above objectives. Cancelling mobile banking will not automatically cancel your quick payment or quick payment authorization. You can actively cancel the authorization in the quick payment function or through a third party.
（5） Personal information subject obtains a copy of personal information
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information, and you can operate it yourself through the following methods:
Log in to mobile banking and enter "My Personal Information" to obtain your name, gender, date of birth, ID type, ID number, electronic banking customer number information, and copy some of the information. Log in to online banking and enter "Personal Settings - Customer Information Management" to copy relevant personal information.
（6） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In some business functions, our bank may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an explanation from our bank, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
（7） In response to your above request
To ensure the security of your personal information, when you call the Bank of China 95566 customer service hotline or consult at various Bank of China branches, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. Our bank may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. If the above request involves manual processing, our bank will process and respond within 15 working days. Please understand that our bank may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repeated, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
Despite the above agreement, according to legal requirements, our bank may not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
1. Related to national security and defense security;
2. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. There is sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
5. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
6. Involving our bank's trade secrets;
7. To comply with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations.
6、 How do I handle the information of minors in my bank
1. We expect parents or other guardians to guide minors in using our services. Minors under the age of 16 are not allowed to open mobile banking without the consent of their guardians. If you need to open it, you must be accompanied by a guardian to the counter of our bank's business outlet to handle it, and have the guardian sign and agree. Our bank will only use or provide this personal information to the public when it is permitted or necessary to protect minors in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. Our bank will protect the confidentiality and security of minors' information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.
2. If you are a minor, please have your guardian read this policy. Your use of mobile banking means that you have obtained the consent of your parents or other guardians to use our services or provide your personal information to our bank. For minors under the age of 14, please note that your personal information is considered sensitive personal information. We will only process your personal information with the explicit authorization and consent of your parents or other guardians, as well as with legal permission, and as necessary to protect your rights and interests. The specific types and rules for processing information will strictly comply with the relevant provisions on personal information in this privacy policy. If your guardian disagrees with your use of our services or provision of your information to our bank in accordance with this policy, please immediately terminate your use of our services and notify our bank in a timely manner so that we can take appropriate measures.
3. If you are the parent or other guardian of a minor, please contact our bank through the contact information provided in this article if you have any questions about the information processing of the minor under your guardianship.
7、 Application and updates of this policy
1. We reserve the right to update or modify this policy from time to time. This policy applies to all products and services provided by Bank of China's personal mobile banking, as well as all users. Without your explicit consent, our bank will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this policy. Our bank will notify you through reasonable means such as push notifications, pop ups, and official website announcements, so that you can timely understand the changes made to this policy (including changes in business functions, changes in usage purposes, changes in contact information of personnel responsible for personal information protection, etc.).
2. For significant changes, depending on the specific circumstances, our bank may provide more prominent notices explaining the specific changes to this policy. Major changes include but are not limited to:
(1) Our service model and business form have undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
(2) The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
(3) There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
(4) Our bank is responsible for handling the contact information and complaint channels for personal information security
Changes occur in the way;
(5) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
3. If you do not agree with the revised privacy policy, you have the right and should immediately stop using our products and services. If you choose to agree to the revised privacy policy and continue to use our products and services, it will be deemed that you accept the modifications made by our bank to the relevant terms of this policy.
8、 How to contact my bank
If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, or believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can call our 95566 customer service hotline or the official website homepage（ https://www.boc.cn/ ）-Online customer service - leave a message online, China Bank App online customer service, as well as inquiries or feedback from various branches of our bank. After receiving your question, our bank will handle it promptly and properly, and provide you with a response within 15 days; If you are not satisfied with the response, you can also apply to mediation organizations, arbitration units, courts and other institutions for mediation, arbitration, litigation to protect your legitimate rights and interests.
Our full name is Bank of China Limited, registered address: No.1 Fuxingmen Inner Street, Xicheng District, Beijing, China, postal code: 100818.
Please carefully read this privacy policy before clicking 'Agree' to ensure that you are fully aware and understand the meaning and corresponding legal consequences of its content, especially the bolded font content. By clicking 'Agree', you are deemed to have accepted this privacy policy. Our bank will use and protect your personal information in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and this policy.
