Jianrong Huijia Personal Information Protection Policy
Dear user, our bank has updated the Personal Information Protection Policy, which mainly includes: 1. How our bank collects your personal information; 2. How can I use your personal information.
Version update date: December 15, 2023 Version effective date: December 15, 2023 Version release date: November 15, 2022
China Construction Bank Corporation ("CCB") is fully aware of the importance of personal information to you and will do its best to protect the security of your personal information. Our bank is committed to maintaining your trust in us and adhering to the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of necessity, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of openness and transparency, the principle of integrity, the principle of information quality, etc. At the same time, our bank promises to take corresponding security measures in accordance with the law to protect your personal information.
This Personal Information Protection Policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How can I collect and use your personal information
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
3、 How can we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4、 How can I store and protect your personal information
5、 Your right to control personal information
6、 How do I handle the information of minors in my bank
7、 How to update this policy
8、 How to contact my bank
1、 How can I collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. Personal information includes but is not limited to the customer's name, gender, nationality, occupation, address of residence or workplace, contact information, type of ID or identification document, ID number, and expiration date. Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety. It mainly includes identification numbers, personal biometric information, financial accounts, communication records and contents, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, specific identities, etc.
（1） How to collect information
To provide you with services and ensure the safety of your use of Jianrong Huijia services, our bank will collect information that you actively input or generate during your use of Jianrong Huijia services
When you activate the Jianrong Huijia service, in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, our bank will collect your mobile phone number to assist you in completing the basic services of Jianrong Huijia registration, login, and password modification/reset. If you refuse to provide the above information, you may not be able to activate Jianrong Huijia or use our bank's basic services normally.
When you use the functions or services of Jianrong Huijia, such as in the following situations, you may need to provide or authorize our bank to collect the user information required for the corresponding services. If you refuse to provide the information required for some functions or services, you may not be able to use some functions or services, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of Jianrong Huijia.
(1) If you choose to use facial recognition verification service for identity authentication, access control, wallet function, or fast loan function in Jianrong Huijia, you need to provide our bank with your facial information. The facial information collected by our bank with your separate consent will be encrypted and stored in the backend database of our information system. When you no longer use the facial recognition verification service, our bank will delete the corresponding facial information. If you refuse to provide the above information, our bank will not be able to provide you with products or services that require facial recognition verification before use.
The application scope of facial recognition verification includes facial recognition access control and facial recognition real name authentication functions. You can also update your facial information in Jianronghui Home.
(2) When using the real name authentication service provided by Jianrong Huijia, you may need to provide your name, ID type, ID number, and facial information. If you refuse to provide the above information, our bank will not be able to provide you with products or services that require real name authentication before use.
(3) When you use the shared wallet service provided by Open Bank, our bank requires you to provide your name, gender, occupation, address, contact information, ID type, ID number, ID validity period, bank card number/account number, facial recognition authentication, and ID image information. If you refuse to provide the above information, our bank will not be able to provide you with the shared wallet and its related products or services.
(4) When you use location-based features, we will collect your location information in order to provide you with corresponding services for your location. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of Jianrong Huijia.
(5) In the process of providing you with Jianrong Huijia services, our bank may use software development kits (SDKs) provided by third-party service providers to provide you with services. The third-party service providers collect necessary information from you. If you refuse to provide relevant information or permissions, you will not be able to use the relevant functional services. For more details, please refer to the 'Third Party SDK Instructions'.
(6) When you register as a platform member using the "Shanrong Business" platform service of Jianrong Huijia, I need to obtain your name, ID type, ID number, bank card number/account, reserved mobile phone number for bank card, and contact information. Our bank collects this information to provide you with customer service support.
In order to better present the products or services you need, our bank may collect device information (including device name, device model, device identification code, operating system and application version, language settings, resolution, service provider network ID (PLMN)), browser type and version of the devices you use our products/services on to provide you with the best way to display product information.
In order to enhance your shopping experience at Shanrong Business, our bank will extract features of your shopping preferences, behavior habits, and location information based on your browsing, searching, adding to the shopping cart, bookmarking, purchase history, device information, and location information, and push you product information that interests you based on feature tags.
At the same time, to ensure your autonomy in receiving information, our bank will also provide product information that is not recommended based on automated decision-making methods such as algorithms for you to choose from.
You can also use search to accurately find the products or services you need. We will retain or compile your search keywords and click through data to facilitate your repeated input or display products related to your search content. Please note that your search keyword information cannot individually identify your identity and does not belong to your personal information. In order to provide you and other users with more efficient search services, our bank has the right to use it; Only when your search keyword information is combined with your other information and can identify your identity, during the combined use period, our bank will treat your search keyword information as your personal information and process and protect it together with your search history in accordance with this personal information protection policy.
When you use the ordering service provided by Shanrong Business, you need to fill in the name, shipping address, and mobile phone number information of the recipient/deliverer on the order page. At the same time, the order number, the product or service information you purchased, the amount you should pay, and the payment method information will be included in the order; Part of the information will be synchronized to the third-party ERP system integrated with Shanrong Business Platform, so that merchants can provide related services such as order delivery.
When you participate in some of the marketing activities provided by Shanrong Business, you need to fill in the recipient/deliveryman's name, shipping address, and winning phone number information on the activity page.
When you use the unit authentication service provided by Shanrong Business, our bank requires you to provide your invitation code, affiliated institution information, name, and member phone number, and verify the validity of the relevant information through the invitation code.
When you use the cross-border commodity trading service provided by Shanrong Commerce, Shanrong Commerce and platform merchants need to send payment orders and orders including the customer's real name information (including name, ID number number) to the customs. When the merchant obtains the order information from Shanrong Commerce through the system interface, Shanrong Commerce will send it the order information including the customer's real name information (including name and ID number).
When using the mobile recharge service provided by Shanrong Business, you can quickly select a phone number through the address book without the need for manual input. After refusing authorization, the mobile recharge service can still be used, but manual input of the phone number is required. Shanrong Business only reads and records specified phone numbers, and does not read your full address book.
When booking tickets such as air tickets, train tickets, hotels, and scenic spots, you may also need to provide your real name information in accordance with national laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, or service providers (such as ticket sellers, hotels, travel agencies and their authorized agents, basic telecommunications operators, mobile resale operators). This real name information may include your identity information (such as copies or numbers of your ID card, military officer certificate, passport, and driver's license), your personal photo, name, and phone number. These orders may also include your itinerary, hotel address, identity information of the booker, contact name and phone number information.
All the above information constitutes your order information, which our bank will use for your identity verification, transaction confirmation, payment settlement, delivery completion, order inquiry, and customer service consultation and after-sales service; Our bank will also use your order information to determine if there are any abnormalities in your transaction to protect your transaction security.
After placing the order, you can choose to pay with a China Construction Bank card or another bank card. After you place an order and choose cash on delivery or complete payment online, Shanrong Business merchants and third-party delivery companies will complete the delivery of your order. You hereby agree that Shanrong Business merchants, third-party delivery companies, after-sales services, etc. may use your order information to provide you with goods or services.
Our telephone customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information and order information. To ensure the security of your account, our customer service will use your account information to verify your identity. When you need our bank to provide customer service and after-sales service related to your order information, we will check your order information. You may provide other information besides the above when communicating with our customer service personnel, such as when you request our bank to change the shipping address, contact person, or contact phone number.
(7) When you use the real name authentication service provided by Shanrong Business Rongyifu, our bank requires you to provide your name, ID type, ID number, bank card number/account, bank card reserved mobile phone number, member mobile phone number, transaction password, and online banking shield number information. We may also verify the validity of the relevant information through account verification, card password, SMS, credit card security code/expiration date, transaction password, facial recognition, and online banking shield verification. If you refuse to provide the above information, our bank will not be able to provide you with products or services that require real name authentication before use.
3. When you use the Jianrong Huijia service, in order to maintain the normal operation of the service, optimize our service experience, and ensure the security of your account, our bank will collect the following basic information, including your device model, operating system, device identification information (IMEI/Android ID/IDFV, UDID), Jianrong Huijia software version number, WIFI information, SSID information, login IP address, MAC address, network access method, type and status, network quality data, device accelerator (such as gravity sensing devices), operation logs, service log information (such as the information you search and view in Jianrong Huijia, service failure information), geographic location information. We will collect your device identification information (IMEI) in a silent state. I/Android ID/IDFV UDID is used to receive push messages in a timely manner, and also collects your WIFI information, SSID information, login IP address, and MAC address in a silent state for security risk control. These pieces of information are the basic information that must be collected to provide you with services, in order to ensure your normal use of our services. Due to differences in the classification of permissions for mobile operating systems from different manufacturers, some phones classify "device identification information" under "phone - call status or mobile network information" or "phone information - phone number and call status". In fact, our bank did not read your phone call records
Record and status.
4. In order to provide you with more accurate, personalized, and convenient services and enhance your service experience, our bank will collect information on the types, methods, and operational behaviors of your use of Jianrong Smart Home functions or services, as well as your user and transaction information in our bank. Our bank will conduct statistical analysis on this information and provide you with accurate push services based on the above information. If you refuse to provide the above information, our bank will not be able to provide you with accurate push services, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Jianrong Huijia.
If you do not need the personalized push service provided by Jianronghuijia, you can click on the "My" button at the bottom of the application homepage, select the settings icon in the upper right corner, go to "Privacy", and then select "Message Reception Settings" to turn off the personalized push service you do not need.
5. In order to provide you with a better service experience, improve service quality, or prevent risks, our bank will collect the information you provide when providing feedback, suggestions, or reports. If you refuse to provide the above information, our bank will not be able to provide the corresponding services, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Jianrong Huijia.
When you use services provided by third parties in Jianronghui Home, the third party may obtain your nickname, avatar, location, name, ID type, ID number, and mobile phone number information; After obtaining your separate consent, third parties may obtain your above information; For the relevant information that you voluntarily provide to third parties when using services provided by third parties, our bank will consider that you allow the third party to obtain such information; For the information generated by you when using the third-party service, you should legally agree with the third party on the collection and use of the above information. If you refuse to allow third parties to collect, use or transmit the above information when providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the corresponding services of third parties in Jianronghui Home, but this does not affect your use of other functions of Jianronghui Home.
7. In the following situations, you can choose whether to authorize our bank to collect and use your personal information:
(1) Camera, used for applications such as QR code recognition, facial recognition, OCR recognition. The facial data obtained by our bank will be encrypted and stored in the backend database of the system.
(2) Bluetooth, used to connect and interact with customer phones and third-party devices through Bluetooth. After refusing authorization, the Bluetooth door opening function cannot be used. The system backend does not save customer phone Bluetooth configuration information.
(3) Mobile SMS, in the process of requiring SMS verification code, it may be necessary to read the verification code SMS content to assist you in filling out the verification code. If you refuse communication information (SMS) authorization, our bank Jianrong Huijia will not read the SMS content, and the system backend will not save the SMS content.
(4) Geographic location, to obtain your location, mainly used for risk control of Jianrong Huijia transactions, and also to display city services (such as the nearest branch). The system backend saves the location information of your transaction. After refusing authorization, the functions related to Jianrong Huijia cannot be used.
(5) Network communication is used to communicate with the server. After refusing authorization, all functions of Jianrong Huijia cannot be used. The system backend stores the network information of the devices used for customer transactions, including IP, port, and MAC information.
(6) Read the list of installed applications and scan the mobile device for counterfeit CCB APP applications. After refusing authorization, the health check function of the app cannot be used. The system backend does not save the list of installed applications for customers.
(7) Read the mobile task list and check if Jianrong Huijia is in the front-end application to prevent application hijacking and protect your transaction security. After refusing authorization, it will be impossible to detect whether Jianrong Huijia is in the front-end application. The system backend does not save the list of installed applications for customers.
(8) Read external storage content of the phone, allowing Jianrong Huijia to access images, files, and other content stored on the phone, mainly used for screenshot feedback and uploading images; Used to assist you in publishing information, recording crash log information locally, and other functions.
(9) Read device status permissions, allowing Jianrong Huijia to obtain device identification information for identifying users and bound devices, helping us better provide you with personalized recommendation content.
(10) Modify the external storage content of the mobile phone, allowing Jianrong Huijia to modify the external storage content of the mobile phone. It is mainly used for generating product posters and saving them in the mobile phone SD card, as well as saving favorite image content in the community forum to the mobile phone SD card. It is used to help you share products and images with friends, family, and users.
(11) Microphone, allowing Jianrong Huijia to obtain microphone permission for users to post voice messages in scenarios where authorization is denied, users cannot use voice messages when posting messages. The sound data collected by our bank is encrypted and stored in the system backend database.
(12) Address book, allowing Jianrong Huijia to obtain access to address book permissions. In order to ensure the legality and security of your use of this client for business transactions and activities, prevent network security risks, prevent malicious tampering of device properties, and prevent personal losses and adverse effects, we have used the security monitoring SDK from Beijing Bangbang Security Technology Co., Ltd. The relevant data collection does not depend on business scenarios, and both front-end operation and front-end silence will generate data collection for risk control analysis.
The above functions may require you to grant our bank access to your camera (camera), geographic location (location information), Bluetooth, external storage, microphone, and contacts in your device to collect and use the information involved in these functions. Please note that by granting these permissions, you authorize our bank to collect and use this information to achieve the above functions. If you cancel these authorizations, our bank will no longer continue to collect and use your information, nor will we be able to provide you with the functions corresponding to these authorizations.
If we collect or use your information outside of the above circumstances, we will seek your consent in advance and fully inform you of the purpose, method, scope, and retention period of the information collection and use, as well as the way and procedure for you to exercise your rights.
（2） How to use information
1. When providing you with our bank's financial products or services that you have authorized and agreed to use, our bank will also use this information to maintain and improve the aforementioned business functions.
During the period when our bank continues to provide financial services to you, you authorize our bank to continuously collect and use your information. When you cancel the service, our bank will stop collecting your personal information. please
You understand that in order to cooperate with the statistical and archive management activities organized and implemented by the competent departments, carry out various audit activities in accordance with the law, and fulfill regulatory investigation obligations, our bank will continue to use the relevant personal information collected from you in the aforementioned fields, but we will take strict protective measures.
3. In order to enhance your product or service experience, or to prevent risks, our bank will summarize, analyze, and process the usage of services, but this information will not include any of your identification information.
4. In order to inform you of the use of our financial products or services or to further understand our services, we will send you service status notifications and commercial information related to our products or services.
5. Other purposes authorized by you and permitted by laws and administrative regulations.
（3） Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and national standards, our bank may collect and use your personal information without seeking your authorization or consent in the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and defense security.
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests.
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments.
4. In order to safeguard your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent.
5. The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own, except where you explicitly refuse or our bank collects or uses such information to infringe upon your significant interests.
6. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, etc., except where you explicitly refuse or our bank's collection and use of such information infringes upon your significant interests.
7. Necessary to sign and fulfill the contract according to your request.
8. Other circumstances stipulated by laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the website, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store data such as your preferences or items in your shopping basket. We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change the user settings every time you visit our website.
（2） Do Not Track
Many web browsers have the DoNotTrack feature, which can publish DoNotTrack requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled DoNotTrack, then all of our websites will respect your choice.
3、 How can we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Sharing and Transfer
1. Unless we obtain your separate consent or authorization, our bank will not share or transfer your personal information to any other company, organization, or individual.
2. If the business requires the sharing or transfer of your personal information to external parties, our bank will inform you of the purpose, processing method, type of personal information, name or contact information of the data recipient, and obtain your separate consent.
3. Please understand that our bank may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government regulatory authorities.
4. Sharing with our affiliated companies: Your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If affiliated companies want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will seek your authorization and consent again.
Our affiliated companies include: [none].
5. Shared with authorized partners: Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners solely for the purposes stated in this privacy policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience.
The specific situation of sharing personal information with authorized partners is as follows:
Authorized partners' contact information, shared personal information types, processing purposes, and processing methods
Shandong Mingyue Electric Power Engineering Co., Ltd. is located 300 meters north of the intersection of Qingnian Road and Guangming Road in Yongfeng Office, Juye County, Heze City, Shandong Province. The phone number on the east side of the road is used to query the electricity payment information associated with the user's phone number. The partner is required to obtain the phone number only for query processing and not for storage.
Guizhou Weikedun Technology Co., Ltd., No. 128 Dusi Road, Zhonghua South Road Subdistrict, Nanming District, Guiyang City, Guizhou Province, China. The mobile phone number at No. 1, 4th floor, Trade City podium building [Zhongnan Office] is used to query the electricity payment information associated with the user's mobile phone number. The partner is required to obtain the mobile phone number for query processing only and not for storage.
6. According to laws, regulations, and business practices, in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, and similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, our bank will inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this personal information protection policy. Otherwise, our bank will require the company or organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
（2） Public disclosure
1. Our bank will not publicly disclose your personal information. If disclosure is necessary, we will inform you of the purpose and type of disclosure of personal information. If sensitive information is involved, we will also inform you of the content of the sensitive information and obtain your separate consent in advance.
2. Please understand that our bank may publicly disclose your personal information in accordance with laws, legal procedures, lawsuits, or mandatory requirements from government regulatory authorities.
（3） Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and national standards, our bank may share, transfer, or publicly disclose user information without obtaining your prior authorization and consent in the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life, property, reputation, etc., but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own, except where you explicitly refuse or our bank's collection and use of such information infringes upon your significant interests;
6. User information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, etc., except where you explicitly refuse or our bank collects or uses such information to infringe upon your significant interests.
4、 How can I store and protect your personal information
（1） Storage
1. The personal information collected and generated by our bank within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If it is necessary to provide information to overseas recipients, our bank will inform you of the name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information, and the way and procedure for you to exercise your rights to the overseas recipient, provided that legal conditions are met. After obtaining your separate consent, your personal information may be transferred overseas. In this case, our bank will take effective measures to protect your information security, such as implementing security measures such as data de identification before cross-border data transfer, or requiring overseas institutions to keep your information confidential through agreements, verification, and other measures.
2. Our bank will only retain your personal information within the time limit required by laws and regulations, as well as within the time limit necessary to achieve the purpose of this policy statement. For example, according to the "Guidelines for Anti Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing of Bank Card Organizations and Fund Clearing Centers", after you cancel your membership in the Jianrong Huijia APP, we will keep your personal identity information for 5 years and transaction information for 5 years in accordance with laws, regulations or regulatory requirements. After the above storage period expires, we will delete or anonymize your personal identity information and transaction information. For example:
Mobile phone number: When you need to use the Jianrong Huijia service, our bank needs to keep your mobile phone number to ensure that you can use the service normally. After you cancel your Jianrong Huijia account, our bank will continue to keep your mobile phone number information for 5 years. After the above storage period expires, our bank will delete the corresponding information.
Biometric information: When you use facial recognition access control, activate wallet function, real name authentication, or activate fast loan function, our bank needs to save your facial information to ensure that you can use the service normally. After you cancel your Jianrong Huijia account, our bank will continue to save your biometric information for 5 years. After the above storage period expires, our bank will delete the corresponding information.
（2） Protection
1. Our bank has implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, our bank will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Our bank will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Our bank will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And our bank will hold security and personal information protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
2. If all or part of the Jianrong Huijia business provided by our bank ceases to operate, our relevant products or services will notify you through announcements or other forms, and at the same time, stop the collection of your personal information by related products or services to protect your personal information security. If all or part of Jianrong Huijia's business is interrupted due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., our bank will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible.
3. Our bank has obtained the following certifications: Currently, our bank has passed the evaluation and filing of national network security level protection, and our data center has met the requirements of ISO27001 certification standard in terms of information security, and has obtained corresponding certifications.
4. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected.
5. Please understand that due to technical limitations and potential malicious attacks, there may be unexpected situations that our bank cannot reasonably foresee, prevent, avoid, or control. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. Please use complex passwords to help us ensure the security of your account.
6. In the event of a personal information security incident, our bank will promptly inform you of the relevant information of the incident through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, or issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, our bank will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
5、 Your right to control personal information
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions in China, our bank guarantees that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
（1） Accessing, correcting, and updating your personal information
You have the right to access, correct, and update your personal information through the Jianrong Huijia channel, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. You are responsible for updating your personal information in a timely manner. Before you modify your personal information, we will verify your identity. You can access, correct, and update your personal information through the following methods:
(1) Access or update phone number, login password, and address information in "Me Settings My Information";
(2) Check your wallet account balance in "Me Wallet";
(3) View your transaction record information in "Me Orders";
（2） Delete your personal information
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information from our bank:
If our bank's handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
If our bank collects and uses your personal information without your consent or if you have withdrawn your consent.
3. If our bank's handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
5. If our bank no longer provides you with products or services or your information retention period has expired;
6. As
If the purpose of processing personal information by our bank has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or your personal information is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
7. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
If you believe that the above situation is met, you can contact our customer service hotline at 95533 to request the deletion of personal information.
If our bank decides to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from our bank to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
When you delete information from our services, our bank may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
If the retention period stipulated by laws and administrative regulations has not expired, or if it is technically difficult to delete your information, our bank will stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security protection measures.
（3） Change the scope of your authorized consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For personal information collected and used to enhance the product or service experience (such as location, phone contacts, etc.), you can grant or revoke your authorization and consent at any time by enabling or disabling location service permissions, reading contact permissions, making phone calls permissions, etc. in the phone system settings based on the different brands and models of your phone.
Please note that when you voluntarily cancel our Jianronghuijia service, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your consent to our bank's "Personal Information Protection Policy" for this Jianronghuijia service. After you withdraw your consent, our bank will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
（4） Personal Information Subject Account Cancellation
If you register as a user for our bank's Jianrong Huijia, you can choose to self cancel through the following methods.
If you want to cancel Jianrong Huijia, you can download our Jianrong Huijia client, start the client, log in, click on "My" below - the settings icon in the upper right corner - "User Cancellation", obtain and enter the SMS verification code, and after verification, you can cancel Jianrong Huijia.
Please note that our bank will not cancel your Jianronghuijia app when registered users only delete it on their mobile devices, and all information related to your Jianronghuijia will not be deleted. You still need to cancel your Jianrong Huijia in order to achieve the above objectives.
（5） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In some business functions, our bank may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an explanation from our bank, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
（6） Obtain a copy of your personal information
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information type. You can obtain a copy of your confirmed personal information on the Jianrong Huijia APP by calling customer service number 95533 to understand your personal information usage on the Jianrong Huijia APP.
（7） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In some business functions, our bank may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an explanation from our bank, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
（8） Right to know, right to decide, right to restrict and refuse, and other rights
You can exercise your rights to information, decision-making, restriction, and refusal, as well as other personal information protection rights granted to you by laws and regulations, by calling customer service hotline 95533. Subject to meeting the requirements set by the national cyberspace administration, we will cooperate with your request to transfer personal information to the designated personal information processor and provide a transfer path. Except as otherwise provided by laws and administrative regulations.
In addition, you have the right to request us to explain the processing rules of this policy and related personal information processing activities.
（9） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. Our bank may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will complete the verification, processing, and response within 15 working days. Please understand that our bank may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repeated, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
Despite the above agreement, according to legal requirements, our bank may not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. The personal information controller has sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
5. For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
6. Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
7. Involving our bank's trade secrets.
6、 How do I handle the information of minors in my bank
1. Minors are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of their guardians. If you are a minor, please have your guardian carefully read this guide and use our services or provide information to our bank with your guardian's consent. Our bank will only use and provide this information to the public when it is permitted or necessary to protect minors in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
2. If you are a minor over 14 years old but under 18 years old, before using the Jianrong Huijia APP, it is recommended to read and agree to the content of this policy under the guidance of your guardian, and use our services or provide information to us with the consent of your guardian.
If you are a child under the age of 14 and wish to register and use Jianronghuijia, you should inform your parents or other guardians, obtain their consent in advance, and have them assist you in completing the product or service registration process. Considering personal financial information
Due to its particularity, all payment functions of Jianrong Huijia APP are not open to children under the age of 14.
4. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor (child) under the age of 14, and have any questions about the information processing of the minor under your guardianship, please contact us through the contact information provided in this policy.
7、 How to update this policy
According to changes in national laws and regulations and the needs of service operation, our bank will modify this policy and related rules. When there are significant changes to this policy, we will publish it through notifications or pop ups on the Jianrong Huijia APP (our bank will choose one or more methods based on the actual situation) and seek your authorization and consent again. The situations that constitute significant changes include but are not limited to:
Significant changes have occurred in the scope and mode of services we provide;
Significant changes have occurred in our business entity, organizational structure, ownership structure, and other aspects;
The main recipients of your personal information provided, transferred, or publicly disclosed to the outside world have changed;
Your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it have undergone significant changes;
Our responsible department for personal information security and its contact information and complaint channels have changed;
Other changes that may have a significant impact on your personal information rights.
You can view this policy on the Jianrong Huijia APP by going to "Me → Settings icon in the upper right corner → Privacy → Jianrong Huijia Personal Information Protection Policy". You acknowledge and confirm that if you do not agree with the updated content, you should immediately stop using the corresponding service and cancel the relevant user. Our bank will stop collecting your personal information; If you continue to use the service, our bank will execute the updated content.
8、 How to contact my bank
If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions on this personal information protection policy, you can call our 95533 customer service hotline, log on our official website (WWW. CCB. COM), follow the "China Construction Bank" WeChat official account or consult or reflect at our business outlets. After accepting your question, we will handle it promptly and properly. Normally, our bank will provide a response and complete the verification and processing within 15 working days.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also file a complaint or report through regulatory agencies such as the Financial Consumer Rights Protection Complaint Platform (hotline 12363), the Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (hotline 12378), or seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over our bank's domicile.
Our full name is China Construction Bank Co., Ltd., registered address: No. 25 Financial Street, Xicheng District, Beijing, China, postal code 100033.
Please carefully read this personal information protection policy before clicking 'Agree', ensuring that you are fully aware of and understand the meaning and corresponding legal consequences of its content, especially the content highlighted in black font. By clicking 'Agree' and confirming submission, you will be deemed to have accepted this personal information protection policy. Our bank will use and protect your personal information legally in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and this policy.
