Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Mobile Banking Privacy Policy
1、 User Information Protection Guidelines and Product Introduction
2、 The information we collect and the required permissions
3、 Storage of Information
4、 Information security protection
5、 How to use information
Contacts, Photos
Contacts or Photos
6、 Manage personal information
6.1 Querying, correcting, updating, and deleting personal information. You can inquire about personal information related to "ICBC Business" services through our corresponding overseas branches, and authorized personnel of our company can submit applications to update personal information through the branches, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions. You can adjust various settings you have made for the convenience of handling related business through the "ICBC Business" client.
6.2 Querying and Changing the Scope of Authorization Consent.
Set login avatar
Manage security devices
Security certification management
6.3 Cancel User. Enterprise authorized personnel can cancel your enterprise mobile banking channel through bank branches. Please note that if you only delete the "ICBC Business" client on your mobile device and do not cancel the electronic banking, we will not cancel your user information, and all information about you will not be deleted accordingly.
6.4 Responding to your above request.
6.3 Cancel User. Enterprise authorized personnel can cancel your enterprise mobile banking channel through bank branches. Please note that if you only delete the "ICBC Business" client on your mobile device and do not cancel the electronic banking, we will not cancel your user information, and all information about you will not be deleted accordingly.
6.4 Responding to your above request. If you are unable to access, correct or delete your user information through the above methods, or if you need to access, correct or delete other user information generated when using our services or functions, or if you believe that we have violated any laws, regulations and regulatory provisions or agreements with you regarding the collection or use of user information, you can contact us directly by calling the relevant overseas institution customer service phone number of our enterprise mobile banking or through the "Contact Our Bank" function on the client. We will actively respond to your request. We may verify your identity first before processing your request. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repeated, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
Despite the above agreement, according to relevant laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, we may not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
1. Related to the obligations of personal information controllers to comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. The personal information controller has sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
7. Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
8. Involving trade secrets;
9. Other situations required by the competent authorities or regulatory regulations of the country (region) where our overseas institutions are located.
7、 External provision of information
8、 The use of location information
9、 Protection of Minors' Information
10、 Notification and Revision
11、 How to contact us
