Release date: November 1st, 2022
In order to better protect the personal information of minors, our bank has specially formulated the "Declaration on the Protection of Personal Information of Minors" (hereinafter referred to as "this statement") in addition to the "Privacy Policy". This statement is a special explanation of the rules for handling personal information of minors under the age of fourteen in the Privacy Policy. Our bank will inform minors and their parents or other guardians through this statement and the Privacy Policy on how we handle minors' personal information, as well as the methods and procedures we provide to realize the rights and interests of minors' personal information.
The personal information of minors under the age of fourteen is sensitive personal information. Once leaked or illegally used, it can easily lead to the infringement of natural persons' personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety. We hope that the parents or other guardians of minors can work together with our bank to protect the personal information of minors, educate and guide minors to enhance their awareness and ability to protect personal information, and ensure the security of their personal information. Parents or other guardians are requested to guide, remind, and require minors not to provide any personal information without their consent.
Customers are advised that if the business involves processing personal information of minors, our bank will inform them of the necessity of processing relevant personal information, the impact on personal rights, and other matters that should be notified according to legal provisions, and obtain separate consent from the parents or other guardians of minors in accordance with the law
1、 How can I collect and use personal information of minors
The personal information of minors referred to in this statement refers to the personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Our bank may collect personal information of minors in order to meet legal, regulatory, or supervisory requirements, provide financial products or services to customers, or for other purposes authorized and permitted by law.
In order to realize the core business functions of our personal products and service channels (such as personal online banking, personal palm banking, counter, super counter, self-service equipment, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, WeChat applet, remote banking customer service and other channels), we may collect some personal information of minors in order to meet laws and regulations or regulatory requirements, provide financial products or services to customers, or for other purposes authorized by customers and permitted by law.
Our bank may collect and use personal information of minors voluntarily provided by customers during the use of our products or services, or generated as a result of the use of our products or services, as well as personal information of minors lawfully collected from third parties in accordance with laws and regulations or with the authorization and consent of customers.
Our bank has stated in the "Privacy Policy" or specific product (or service) agreements and authorization letters that customers need to be aware of or agree to our bank's processing of personal information of minors, including the purpose, method, type, scope, and consequences of refusing consent, in conjunction with specific services. Considering that the personal information of minors under the age of fourteen is sensitive personal information, our bank will also inform customers of the necessity of handling sensitive personal information and the impact on personal rights in accordance with legal regulations. For situations involving specific business processing of personal information, please refer to the relevant documents.
Please understand that our services related to minors are constantly updated and developed. If our bank needs to use the personal information of minors for other purposes not specified in this statement, we will fully inform the customer of the purpose, method, type, and retention period of information collection and use in accordance with legal requirements, and seek the customer's consent again.
However, in order to handle cross-border business, the personal information of relevant minors may need to be transferred overseas. In this case, our bank will comply with legal provisions and inform the customer of the name or title of the overseas recipient, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information, and the methods and procedures for exercising legal rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain the customer's separate consent. Our bank will take effective measures to protect the security of minors' personal information, such as requiring overseas institutions to keep minors' information confidential through agreements, verification, and other measures before cross-border data transfer.
2、 How can I store and protect the personal information of minors in my bank
（1） Our bank's storage of personal information of minors
1. The personal information of minors collected and generated by our bank within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. However, in order to handle cross-border business, the personal information of relevant minors may need to be transferred overseas. In this case, our bank will comply with legal provisions and inform the customer of the name or title of the overseas recipient, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information, and the methods and procedures for exercising legal rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain the customer's separate consent. Our bank will take effective measures to protect the security of minors' personal information, such as requiring overseas institutions to keep minors' information confidential through agreements, verification, and other measures before cross-border data transfer.
2. Our bank only determines the maximum storage period for personal information of minors and the storage period for logs within the minimum time limit required by laws and regulations and necessary to achieve the purpose of this statement. When the data retention period is exceeded, our bank will delete or anonymize the personal information of minors.
（2） The security measures taken by our bank to protect the personal information of minors
Our bank has implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information of minors, preventing unauthorized access, copying, public disclosure, use, modification, transmission, damage or loss of data. For example, our bank will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Our bank will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Our bank will deploy access control mechanisms, strictly restrict access permissions, and systematically monitor information access and processing behavior to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And our bank will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information, and require relevant staff to sign confidentiality agreements. If all or part of the electronic banking business is interrupted due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., I
We will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible.
At present, our bank has passed the evaluation and filing of national network security level protection, and our data center has met the requirements of ISO27001 certification standard in information security and obtained corresponding certification.
At the same time, our bank also requires guests to properly keep the account login name and other identity elements of minors. Please use complex passwords to assist our bank in ensuring the security of minors' accounts. When using our services, we will identify an individual's identity through their login name and other identity elements. Once the aforementioned information is leaked, customers may suffer losses and may have adverse legal consequences. If the customer discovers that the account login name and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact our bank immediately so that we can take corresponding measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, our bank will promptly take effective remedial measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to prevent the security incident from expanding. Our bank will promptly inform customers of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, and/or push notifications. When it is difficult to inform customers one by one, our bank will adopt reasonable and effective methods to issue announcements. At the same time, our bank will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Only provide minor information to the public as stipulated in the Privacy Policy or with the customer's separate consent obtained in accordance with the law.
3、 How can we provide personal information of minors to the public
We promise to strictly keep confidential the information of minors and only provide it to the public with the consent of the customer as stipulated in the Privacy Policy or separately obtained in accordance with the law.
If our bank entrusts a third party to process personal information of minors, we will sign an agreement with the trustee in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, clarifying the processing purpose, deadline, processing method, types of personal information, protection measures, and the rights and obligations of both parties. We will also supervise the trustee's personal information processing activities.
If our bank entrusts a third party to process personal information of minors or provides personal information of minors to a third-party personal information processor, we will conduct an impact assessment of the personal information of minors, require the third party to take protective measures for the personal information of minors, and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and our bank's privacy policy commitments to customers.
Our bank will not publicly disclose personal information of minors unless we inform our clients of the purpose, type, and other rules for disclosing personal information in accordance with the law, and obtain separate consent or authorization from the parents or other guardians of minors in advance. According to laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements of government regulatory authorities, our bank may publicly disclose personal information, and we will comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements at that time.
4、 How to exercise the personal information rights of minors
In order to enable customers to exercise their rights to personal information of minors more conveniently, including accessing, viewing, correcting and updating, copying, deleting, etc., and to protect the right of customers to cancel their accounts, our bank provides corresponding operation settings. Customers can follow the guidelines in the Privacy Policy to operate.
Please note that if the customer requests our bank to delete specific personal information of minors, it may result in the inability to continue using our bank's related products and services or certain specific business functions in the products and services.
If customers discover that personal information of minors has been collected without their prior consent, please contact our bank in a timely manner, and we will try our best to delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
5、 How to update this statement
According to changes in national laws and regulations and the needs of service operation, our bank may revise this statement and related rules from time to time. The revised content will be published through our bank's portal website and other channels, and will take effect immediately after publication, replacing the previous relevant content. Please keep an eye on changes in relevant announcements and other content from time to time.
6、 How to contact my bank
Questions, opinions or suggestions
E-mail: 95599@abchina.com
Customer Service Hotline: 95599
Credit card customer service hotline: 4006695599;
WeChat official account (debit card): Agricultural Bank of China WeChat
WeChat official account (credit card): Agricultural Bank of China credit card
Agricultural Bank of China branches
Normally, our bank will respond to customer inquiries, opinions, or suggestions within 15 working days.
Our full name is Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Registered address: No. 69 Jianguomen Inner Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
If the customer is not satisfied with our bank's response, especially if our bank's personal information processing behavior damages the customer's legitimate rights and interests, the customer has the right to file a complaint with relevant departments such as consumer rights protection organizations.
7、 Keyword description
The term 'minor' in this statement refers to a minor under the age of fourteen.
Please understand that in case of any inconsistency between this statement and the Privacy Policy, this statement shall prevail; If not specified in this statement, the Privacy Policy shall apply accordingly.
Enterprise Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Agricultural Bank of China Limited (Corporate Version)
ABC—2024PPCC
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Privacy Policy (Public Version)
Updated on January 30th, 2024
Effective Date: January 30, 2024
Dear customer: Our bank has updated the "Privacy Policy of Agricultural Bank of China Limited (Corporate Version)", which mainly includes: 1. How our bank collects and uses personal information of relevant personnel of your company; 2. How can our bank provide personal information of relevant personnel of your company to external parties; 3. How can relevant personnel of your company access and manage their personal information.
preface
Our bank will elaborate on personal information processing related matters through this policy, with the following key points:
When your company handles specific business, our bank may need to collect and use the types and purposes of personal information of relevant personnel of your company, so that your company or relevant personnel can understand the purpose, method, scope, etc. of our collection of personal information for a specific function.
2. When relevant personnel of your company use certain functions of enterprise mobile banking and access device permissions.
3. Our bank's storage of personal information of relevant personnel of your company, measures to protect the personal information of relevant personnel of your company, and the provision of personal information of relevant personnel of your company to the public in accordance with legal requirements
The situation of interest.
4. The ways and channels in which your company or its related personnel exercise their personal information rights.
5. The way our bank updates this policy and the way your company or relevant personnel contact our bank.
Agricultural Bank of China Limited ("our bank" or "we") (registered address: No. 69 Jianguomen Inner Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing) is fully aware of the importance of personal information to your company and those who handle business related to your company (hereinafter referred to as "relevant persons"), and will make every effort to protect the personal information security of relevant persons. We are committed to maintaining your company's trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting the personal information of relevant individuals: the principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, integrity, consistency of rights and responsibilities, clear purpose, choice of consent, minimum necessity, ensuring security, subject participation, openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, our bank promises that we will adopt corresponding security protection measures in accordance with mature industry security standards and the law to protect the personal information of relevant individuals.
This Privacy Policy (Corporate Version) (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy") is a general privacy policy uniformly used by our bank, applicable to our company's corporate business products and services. For specific products (or services), the purpose, method, and scope of our bank's collection and use of personal information from relevant individuals can also be clearly stated to your company or relevant individuals through corresponding product (or service) agreements, authorization letters, and other means, and the consent or separate consent of your company or relevant individuals can be obtained in accordance with the law. The above documents, together with this Privacy Policy (Corporate Version), constitute the complete privacy policy of our bank for corporate customer products and services; If there is any inconsistency between the specific product (or service) agreement, authorization letter, etc. and the content of this policy, the specific product (or service) agreement, authorization letter, etc. shall prevail.
The "relevant persons" referred to in this policy refer to natural persons who handle business related to your company, such as company directors, supervisors, senior management personnel, controlling shareholders or actual controllers, legal representatives, responsible persons, and authorized business handlers (hereinafter referred to as "handlers").
Before signing the Privacy Policy (Public Version), please convey this policy to relevant parties to ensure that they are aware of and fully understand this policy (especially the meaning of the highlighted content) and the corresponding legal consequences, and obtain their authorization or consent in accordance with the law. Your company (including your legal representative or authorized agent) clicking or checking "agree" will be deemed as your company and the relevant personnel handling business for your company accepting the "Privacy Policy (Corporate Version)". Our bank will legally use and protect the personal information of relevant personnel in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and this policy.
If your company would like to learn more detailed information, please read the corresponding chapter according to the following index:
1、 How do I collect and use personal information of relevant individuals
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
3、 How can I store and protect the personal information of relevant individuals in our bank
4、 How can we provide personal information of relevant individuals to external parties
5、 How can relevant individuals access and manage their personal information
6、 How do I handle the personal information of minors in my bank
7、 How to update this policy
8、 How to contact my bank
1、 How do I collect and use personal information of relevant individuals
Personal information refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways, excluding anonymized information. Personal information includes name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety. Specifically, sensitive personal information includes ID numbers, biometric information, financial accounts, communication records and content, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, medical and health information, transaction information, specific identities, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. Among them, personal biometric information includes personal genes, fingerprints, voiceprints, palm prints, earlobes, irises, facial recognition features, etc.
When your company or its related personnel use our bank's related products or services, we may collect and use personal information provided by your company or related personnel during the use of our bank's related products or services, as well as personal information lawfully collected from third parties in accordance with laws and regulations or authorized by your company, for the following purposes as stated in this policy. If our bank needs to collect additional personal information from relevant personnel of your company, or use the collected information for other purposes, we will inform your company or relevant personnel in a reasonable manner and obtain their consent again before collection.
（1） Personal information voluntarily provided by your company in providing core business products and/or services to your company
Firstly, in order to achieve the core business functions of our bank's various channels for corporate business (such as enterprise online banking, enterprise mobile banking, counter, bank enterprise direct connection, bank enterprise communication, agricultural bank intelligent chain platform) and provide relevant products or services to your company, our bank may need to collect personal information of relevant personnel from your company. For example, when your company conducts business with our bank, we need to collect personal information of relevant personnel of your company in accordance with the requirements of the Anti Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China and the Management Measures for Customer Identity Identification and Customer Identity Data and Transaction Record Preservation of Financial Institutions, including the names of controlling shareholders or actual controllers, beneficial owners, legal representatives, responsible persons, and authorized business personnel, as well as the types, numbers, and validity periods of identity documents or identification documents. The following will provide a detailed list of our core business functions and the personal information collected to achieve these functions. All relevant information is necessary for our bank to provide financial products or services. If your company refuses, you will not be able to use the relevant services; If we do not use related products and services, our bank will not actively collect personal information from your company or related individuals. The SMS verification codes and payment passwords collected in the following scenarios are only used to verify the identity of relevant individuals, and the client will not store such information.
Reminder to your company: If your company provides personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained authorization from the relevant parties in accordance with the law
Right.
1. Registration, login, and activation of corporate online financial services:
(1) According to laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, when your company registers, logs in and activates your account through corporate online banking, corporate handheld banking, corporate WeChat banking, bank enterprise direct link, bank enterprise link, and ABC smart chain platform, our bank will collect the mobile phone number, ID card number, name, identity information, and communication information of relevant persons. If your company or related parties refuse to provide this information, your company and related parties may not be able to successfully register, log in, or activate the enterprise online banking, mobile banking, agricultural bank intelligent chain platform, or use our bank's services normally.
(2) According to the requirements of Chinese laws and regulations and for the sake of security, when relevant personnel register our enterprise online banking and Agricultural Bank of China's smart chain platform on behalf of your company, our bank will collect their mobile phone numbers, ID types, and ID numbers for information validity verification, and provide them with their mobile phone numbers to send verification code SMS for authentication. If relevant parties refuse to provide their mobile phone number, ID type, and ID number for verification, it will result in unsuccessful registration and the inability to use the relevant functions of our enterprise online banking and Agricultural Bank of China's smart chain platform products and/or services. However, relevant parties can log out of the registration/login service and return to the main page for browsing. When your company applies for opening the online signing business authority of enterprise online banking, our bank will collect the names and ID card numbers of relevant persons.
(3) In order to ensure the security of your company and related parties' accounts and transactions, when relevant parties register, log in, and activate their enterprise mobile bank accounts on behalf of your company through the enterprise mobile bank, our bank will collect their mobile phone number, IP address, MAC address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), operating system type, communication information, and network identity information.
(4) Your company can authorize relevant personnel to open an account through video interview using the enterprise's mobile bank. In order to provide this service to your company, we need to collect the name and ID card number of the authorized person.
2. Counter service:
In the process of providing corporate business services to your company through the counter, in order to ensure service security and comply with legal, regulatory and supervisory requirements, our bank will collect and use personal information related to the business, including the name, nationality, identity information, ID type, ID number, ID validity period, personal biometric information, and communication contact information of the handler and the legal representative (person in charge); The names or names, nationalities or registered places, identity information, certificate types, certificate numbers, certificate validity periods, valid certificate addresses, and capital contribution information (capital contribution currency, capital contribution method, capital contribution amount, and shareholding ratio) of shareholders, actual controllers, and beneficial owners; The name, gender, nationality, position, education, identity information, phone number, mobile phone number, email address, ID type, ID number, ID validity period, valid ID address, and employment status information of the executive. If the relevant parties refuse to provide this information, your company may not be able to use our counter services normally.
3. Super counter service:
When your company authorizes relevant personnel to use our super counter for business, your company or relevant personnel may need to provide or authorize our bank to collect personal information required for the corresponding services, including the name, ID type, ID number, front and back images of the ID, unit settlement card number/account, fingerprint image, signature handwriting of the relevant personnel. Our bank may also verify the validity of the relevant information by verifying the account/card password and other methods. If your company or related parties refuse to provide personal information required for certain functions or services, your company may not be able to use those functions or services, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of the Super Counter.
4. Self service device service:
To provide services and ensure service security, when your company authorizes relevant personnel to handle services on "self-service devices" (including cash self-service devices, self-service terminals, and queue call machines), the identity of the relevant personnel can be verified through account, password, ID type, and ID number to assist in handling business. If relevant parties refuse to provide the information required for a certain function or service, your company may not be able to use that part of the function or service. Specifically, as follows:
(1) Media verification: When your company uses our "self-service equipment" to handle business using bank cards or passbooks, you need to provide or authorize our bank to collect the user information required for the corresponding services, including bank card number/account number and passbook account information. Our bank verifies the validity of the relevant information by verifying the account/card password.
(2) Facial recognition service: When your company uses our "self-service devices" to handle facial recognition deposits, withdrawals, transfers, as well as cardless and non discounted deposit services, our bank will collect relevant personnel's on-site mobile phone numbers or ID types/ID numbers for information validity verification; When your company handles transfers and deposits without cards or discounts, we also need to collect the recipient's account and name information to assist with the transaction.
5. Transfer and remittance services:
(1) When your company uses enterprise online banking and mobile banking for transfer and remittance functions, we need to collect the contact information of relevant personnel, the registered mobile phone number of the payee, the payee's name, the payee's card number, account information, identity information, and communication information to handle the corresponding business for your company.
(2) When your company processes single or bulk private transactions through enterprise online banking or mobile banking, we will collect the name, account number, account information, and identity information of the transferee.
(3) When your company processes bulk payment transactions through enterprise online banking and mobile banking, we will collect the recipient's name, account number, account information, and identity information.
(4) Our bank will collect and store relevant payment and receipt transaction records of your company for your reference.
(5) When your company authorizes relevant personnel to use the facial recognition transfer function provided by the enterprise mobile bank, your company can log in to the enterprise mobile bank through the administrator, go to 【 More 】 - 【 Administrator Functions 】 - 【 Facial Recognition Settings 】 to operate (to activate the function, you need to use Key Treasure to verify the signature, and complete the facial recognition activation after verification). After the operator enters 【 More 】 - 【 Security Center 】 - 【 Face Password 】 and successfully records, they can use the face password to transfer money.
(6) When your company uses the unit settlement card transfer function through the super counter, in order to ensure transaction security, we need to collect the name, card number, and remaining non recognition of the transferring party
Verify the amount, transfer amount, name of the transferring party, and additional security authentication methods to ensure transaction security; In order to provide query and convenient transfer services, we need to collect your company's transfer records.
(7) When your company uses the Agricultural Bank of China's check transfer function through the super counter, our bank needs to collect the name, account number, and receiving bank information of the payee. To ensure transaction security, we need to collect the mobile phone number of the person handling the transaction; In order to provide query and convenient transfer services, our bank needs to collect your company's transfer records. When your company uses the "Super Counter Pre Fill Form" function of the Agricultural Bank of China's microservice mini program to use the check transfer pre fill form service, we will collect the recipient's account number and name.
In addition, we also provide multiple ways for your company to disable the function. Your company can log in to the mobile bank through the administrator and go to 【 More 】 - 【 Face recognition settings 】 to turn it off; Or log in to online banking, go to 【 Settings 】 - 【 Operator Information Maintenance 】 - 【 Select Operator 】 - 【 Face recognition switch 】 to turn off. The operator can also log in to the mobile bank and go to 【 More 】 - 【 Security Center 】 - 【 Face Password 】 to turn off the facial recognition transfer function by themselves. However, when turning it back on, the administrator still needs to perform the above operations.
For the local biometric authentication function of certain brands or models of mobile terminals, the information is processed by the mobile terminal provider, and our bank does not retain the information related to the mobile application terminal functions of your company's relevant personnel.
6. Loan services:
When your company uses our corporate online banking, palm bank and ABC smart chain platform to apply for corporate loans, we will collect the name, ID card number, operator name, mobile phone number, identity information and communication information of your company's legal representative (responsible person or actual controller).
7. Salary payment service:
When your company uses enterprise online banking, bank enterprise direct connection, and bank enterprise communication to pay salaries, our bank needs to collect the bank card number, name, mobile phone number, account information, identity information, and communication information of your company's employees (or recipients).
Your company can manage the salaries and wages of your employees through the electronic payroll function of enterprise online banking. Our bank needs to collect employee names, account numbers, amounts, account information, and identity information.
8. Appointment service:
Your company or relevant persons can make an appointment for corporate business through the corporate palm bank. In order to provide this service to your company, we need to collect the geographical location, name, mobile phone number, ID card number, verification code, longitude and latitude, international mobile equipment identification code (IMEI), account information, identity information, communication information of relevant persons to provide localization services, positioning and map functions for relevant persons.
Your company or relevant personnel can make appointments and check the progress of appointment applications through the enterprise mobile bank. In order to provide this service to your company, our bank needs to collect the operator's mobile phone number, verification code, account information, identity information, and communication information.
9. Set operator:
When your company and relevant persons set up operators through enterprise online banking and ABC smart chain platform, we need to collect the name, mobile phone number, ID card number of the operator, as well as the login password, account information, identity information and communication information of the enterprise handheld bank.
10. Real name authentication service:
When your company and related personnel use the real name authentication service provided by the enterprise mobile bank, your company may need to provide the name, ID type, ID number, bank card number/account, facial recognition authentication information, account information, and identity information of the relevant personnel. Our bank may also verify the validity of the relevant information by verifying account/card passwords and other methods.
11. Mobile banking device binding:
After the relevant personnel complete the login of the enterprise's mobile banking, the system will prompt them to bind their mobile devices. This process will collect the unique device identifier of the relevant personnel. If the relevant personnel refuse to provide this information, the above binding operation cannot be completed.
12. Financial market business for corporate clients:
In the process of conducting foreign exchange corporate settlement and sales, foreign exchange corporate transactions, agent Shanghai Gold Exchange corporate precious metal transactions, precious metal leasing, precious metal customer derivatives, bond market treasure, interbank settlement agency business, and corporate customer interest rate swap business through our bank's counter and online banking, our bank may need to collect the names, ID information, nationality/region, contact information, communication information, signature handwriting, account information, identity information, and transaction information of relevant personnel of your company.
13. Investment and wealth management services:
When your company handles investment and wealth management business through our counter, online banking and palm bank, our bank may need to collect the name, ID card number, contact information, communication information, identity information and transaction information of your company's directors, supervisors and senior management and the operator.
14. Corporate international business (including domestic letters of credit and financing under them):
When your company authorizes relevant personnel to use our bank's counter, corporate online banking, and corporate mobile banking to handle corporate international business (including domestic letters of credit and financing under them), our bank will collect the names, account numbers, addresses of the corresponding payee and payer, as well as the names, contact information, ID types, ID numbers, ID validity periods, job positions, contact addresses, and signature samples of the relevant personnel. Our bank will collect and store transaction records related to your company's international business (including domestic letters of credit and financing under them) for your reference.
15. Enterprise red envelope service:
When relevant personnel of your company use our corporate online banking and mobile banking to handle corporate red envelope business, we will collect the names and phone numbers of employees in the enterprise unit.
16. Acquiring Merchant Services:
(1) When your company (your merchant, the same applies below) handles and uses merchant services through our counter or customer manager merchant mobile management tool (such as "Yishangdao"), our bank needs to collect the name, nationality, ID information (ID number, validity period), contact phone number, contact address, postal code, email address of your company's legal representative (person in charge), as well as the name (name), nationality, ID information (ID number, validity period), contact phone number, contact address, postal code of related persons (controlling shareholder, actual controller, beneficial owner, authorized agent).
(2) When your company handles and uses merchant services through our Palm Bank and Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account ("ABC merchant service" WeChat official account), we will collect the name, nationality, ID card information (ID number number, valid
Period, account information (Agricultural Bank of China debit card number), contact phone number, contact address, postal code, email address.
(3) When you use our Palm Bank and Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account ("ABC Merchant Service" WeChat official account) to enjoy value-added services such as merchant activities, rights and interests, if you exchange gifts in kind, we will collect the names, mobile phone numbers and mailing addresses of your relevant persons; If your company is redeeming virtual coupons, we will collect the mobile phone numbers of relevant personnel from your company.
(4) When your company uses the store and clerk management function through the Agricultural Bank of China through the Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account ("Agricultural Bank of China Merchant Service" WeChat official account), we need to collect the name, mobile phone number and verification code of your company's clerk; We need to collect the login name, name, mobile phone number, verification code, employee department, and employee permissions of your company's employees to use the store and employee management functions through Agricultural Bank E-Butler.
(5) When your company logs in and uses the accounting management services through the Agricultural Bank of China merchant statement system, we will collect the mobile phone numbers and verification codes of relevant personnel in your company.
17. Investment banking services:
When your company handles investment banking business, our bank will collect the name, date of birth, ID card number, nationality information, education information, work experience, credit information, contact information and account information of one or more of the following related persons of your company according to the specific business needs and contract purposes.
18. Remote banking customer service:
When your company's relevant persons use our voice customer service, online customer service (online channels such as Palm Bank, online banking, WeChat official account, email), video customer service, new media customer service (microblog, WeChat) and other remote banking customer service channels to seek services, we may collect your company's relevant persons' names, gender, occupation, address or work unit address, contact information, types, numbers and validity period of identity documents or identity documents, financial account information, biometric information (face information or voiceprint information) and other information related to the relevant persons seeking services according to the specific service items and remote banking customer service channels.
19. Enterprise Business Card Service:
When your company uses the enterprise business card service, our bank will collect the names and contact information (contact phone number, contact address, email) of relevant personnel in your company.
（2） We actively collect and use personal information in providing products and/or services to your company
In order to meet the basic requirements of laws and regulations and provide services, ensure the security of your company's account and system operation, and more accurately prevent phishing website fraud, we will collect relevant information generated by your company during the use of our products or services to determine your company's account risk and control credit risk, ensure that we can provide normal services to your company, analyze our bank's system problems, count traffic, and investigate abnormal information when your company chooses to send us. These pieces of information include:
1. Log information:
When your company uses the corporate online financial products and/or services we provide, we will collect detailed information about your company and related parties using our services, and store it as network logs and transaction records. The network log includes the language used by your company, the time of access, as well as the webpage records, operating system, software information, and login IP information of your company's use of our products and/or services; The transaction log includes transaction amount, transaction date, transaction time, transaction currency, recipient/payer account, transaction type, transaction terminal, transaction result, and identification information.
When your company uses the counter (Zhisu Account Platform) or super counter to handle business, our equipment will generate your company's transaction log flow. Regardless of whether your company's business processing is successful or failed, it will be saved as a transaction log in real time to the backend terminal. The specific recorded transaction information includes transaction date, transaction time, transaction account, transaction type, transaction terminal, and transaction result; The basic personal information recorded includes the names, identification numbers, and communication contact information of the handling person and the legal representative (person in charge); The names and identification numbers of shareholders, actual controllers, beneficial owners, and executives.
2. Equipment information:
When your company uses the corporate network financial products and/or services we provide, in order to ensure transaction security, we may obtain the IP address, device MAC address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Android ID, International Mobile User Identity (IMSI), operating system version number, and browser version number of relevant individuals.
3. Location information:
During the process of using our products and/or services, we will recommend convenient service outlets to your company based on relevant laws and regulations, and collect location information of relevant personnel for the purpose of facilitating your company's use of the outlet query and reservation functions.
4. Cooperation with third-party software development kit (SDK) service providers:
Software development toolkit refers to a collection of development tools used by software engineers to create application software for specific software packages, software frameworks, hardware platforms, operating systems, etc. In order to provide better services to your company and related parties, our enterprise mobile banking platform has embedded some SDKs, which will collect personal information of relevant parties in the following scenarios of using enterprise mobile banking.
Beijing Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co., Ltd.
contact information: map_service@baidu.com ；
(Privacy Policy: https://lbs.baidu.com/index.php?title=openprivacy ）
Gaode Software Co., Ltd
contact information: gd.service@autonavi.com
(Privacy Policy: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/ ）
Latitude and longitude, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), MAC address
Gaode Software Co., Ltd
contact information: gd.service@autonavi.com
(Privacy Policy: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy ）
Provide positioning functions and services for end users
Beijing Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co., Ltd.
contact information: map_service@bai
du.com
(Privacy Policy: https://lbs.baidu.com/index.php?title=openprivacy ）
Device information [including device identification information (Android ID, IDFA, IDFV), system information (operating system version, device brand and model, device configuration), and application information (application name)]
Location information [may include latitude and longitude, GNSS information, WiFi address and signal strength information, WiFi status, WiFi parameters, WiFi list, base station ID data information, operator information, device signal strength information, IP address, Bluetooth information, and sensor information (acceleration, gyroscope, direction, pressure, rotation vector, lighting, magnetometer)]
Network type [such as mobile network, WiFi network]
I can do it
Video Capture SDK
I can do it
Customer Manager SDK
Customer service, marketing communication
I can do it
Mobile phone number, location information, transaction ID, customer gender, session ID
IFlytek Co., Ltd
(Privacy Policy: https://www.xfyun.cn/doc/policy/privacy.html ）
Contact number: 0551-65331511
Huawei offline information provided by Huawei company
(Privacy Policy: https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/
doc/development/HMSCore-Guides/privacy-statement-0000001050042021）
Xiaomi offline message provided by Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd
(Privacy Policy: https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/
detail?pId=1822）
Alibaba Cloud
Contact information: 400-80-13260
(Privacy Policy: http://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/ Suitobu1_ali_cloud20190141711_54837. html)
Yuncong Technology Group Co., Ltd
Contact information: 400-151-5992
Zhuowang Digital Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd
Contact information: 010-53259000;
China United Network Communications Co., Ltd
Contact information: 010-66258731
(Privacy Policy: https://ms.zzx9.cn/html/oauth/protocol2.html ）
Century Dragon Information Network Co., Ltd
Contact information: 020-87572121
(Privacy Policy: https://e.189.cn/sdk/agreement/detail.do ）
China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd
Contact information: 400-10086-20
(Privacy Policy: https://wap.cmpassport.com/
resources/html/contract.html）
Authentication SDK
Face recognition transfer appointment for account opening and registration
I can do it
Facial image information
camera
Authentication SDK
Provide value-added services such as OCR
I can do it
Identity document information
WeChat login sharing SDK
Reply inquiry WeChat sharing
I can do it
Static scanning SDK
Receipt verification, QR code scanning function
I can do it
camera
（3） Access Status of Our Enterprise Mobile Banking Equipment
In certain scenarios or services, our enterprise mobile banking may invoke some device permissions of relevant personnel (see table below for details). We will obtain the consent of the relevant parties separately in the form of a pop-up window before the first call of the corresponding permissions. The relevant parties can choose to turn off some or all permissions in the device's settings function, thereby refusing our bank to collect the corresponding personal information.
Retrieve device permissions
Application scenarios/services
Purpose of calling permissions
The impact of disabling/denying permission access
Unable to apply for appointment to take photos of account opening documents,
Unable to use services such as scanning payment, scanning receipt verification, scanning deposit proof, video customer service, etc
Please note that by granting these permissions, your company or relevant personnel authorize our bank to collect and use this information to achieve the above functions. If these authorizations are cancelled, our bank will no longer continue to collect and use this information from your company or related parties, nor will we be able to provide the functions corresponding to these authorizations to your company. If we collect or use information from relevant parties outside of the above circumstances, we will seek the consent of your company or relevant parties in advance and fully inform your company of the purpose, method, and scope of information collection and use rules.
（4） Explanation of Third Party Service Rules
In order to provide your company with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, some of the corporate online financial services used by your company may be directly provided by third-party service providers in their environment. Unless otherwise agreed with your company or related parties, our bank will not collect or share any personal information of related parties. Third parties are not bound by this privacy policy (public version). We recommend that your company and related parties review the platforms of third-party service providers and understand how they collect, use, and share personal information of related parties in accordance with their disclosed privacy policies.
（5） How can we use the personal information of relevant personnel from your company
1. To provide our financial products or services to your company, and to use them for the purpose of improving these products or services, in order to identify, verify the identity of your company or its related personnel, approve, manage, process, execute or implement transactions required or authorized by your company.
2. Fulfill our compliance responsibilities, including meeting regulatory compliance, tax compliance, and other regulatory requirements, as well as reporting to relevant departments in accordance with domestic and foreign laws, regulations, or regulatory requirements (including money laundering, terrorism financing, bribery, corruption, tax evasion, fraud, etc.).
During the period when our bank provides financial services to your company or its related personnel, your company or its related personnel agree to me
We will continue to process the personal information of relevant individuals in accordance with legal regulations and agreements with your company or related parties. When your company cancels its services, we will cease to collect personal information of relevant personnel of your company. However, our bank will continue to use the previously collected personal information of relevant personnel of your company in areas such as business data archiving, auditing, regulatory cooperation, and compliance with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
4. In order to enhance the product or service experience of your company, or to prevent risks, our bank will summarize, analyze, and process the usage of services, but this information will not include any identification information of relevant personnel of your company.
5. In order to inform your company and related parties about the use of our financial products or services, or to further understand our services, our bank may send service status notifications and commercial information about related products or services to your company or related parties.
6. Other purposes authorized and agreed upon by your company or relevant personnel, as well as those permitted by law.
（6） Exceptions for our bank to obtain authorization to collect and use personal information of relevant individuals
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, in the following exceptional circumstances, even without the consent of your company or relevant parties, our bank may still collect and use the personal information of relevant parties:
1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts to which relevant parties are parties;
2. Relevant to our bank's obligations to comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions;
3. Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. Unless expressly refused by your company or relevant parties, collect and use personal information that has been lawfully disclosed by relevant parties themselves or through other channels such as legitimate news reports and government information disclosure within a reasonable range in accordance with legal provisions;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations;
If our bank collects or uses personal information that has been publicly disclosed by relevant individuals and has a significant impact on their personal rights and interests, our bank will comply with legal provisions. If we collect or use personal information of relevant persons outside of the above circumstances, we will fully explain to your company or relevant persons the purpose, method, and scope of collecting and using personal information of your company's relevant persons, and obtain their prior consent or authorization.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to your company are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not mentioned in the above description and collects information from relevant parties, we will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of information collection to your company or relevant parties through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., and obtain their consent.
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the service, our bank will store small data files called cookies on the computers or mobile devices of your company and related personnel. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can verify the correctness of information entered by relevant parties (such as mobile verification codes) and prevent duplicate sending of information (such as verification codes) to relevant parties, analyze visitor numbers and general website usage. Your company can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Your company can clear all cookies saved on the computer, and most web browsers have a function to block cookies. But if your company does so, you will need to change your company's settings every time you visit our website. The "Help" section in most browser toolbars will explain how to prevent your company's browser from accepting new cookies, how to notify your company when your company receives a new cookie, or how to completely turn off cookies. In addition, your company can disable or delete similar data used by browser add ons (such as Flash cookies) by changing the settings of the browser add ons or by accessing the provider's webpage. But this action may affect the security of your company and related personnel accessing our website and using the services provided by our bank in certain situations.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, our bank will also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on the website. For example, emails sent by our bank to your company or related parties may contain click URLs that link to the content of our website. If you click on this link, our bank will track this click to help us understand your company's product or service preferences and improve customer service. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. With the help of pixel tags in emails, our bank can determine whether the email has been opened. If your company or related parties do not want their activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe at any time by turning off cookies.
（3） Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your company or related parties' browsers have enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your company and related parties' choices.
3、 How can I store and protect the personal information of relevant individuals in our bank
（1） Our bank stores personal information of relevant individuals.
1. The personal information collected and generated by our bank within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. However, in order to provide you with cross-border business products or services, the personal information of relevant individuals may need to be transferred overseas. In this case, our bank will comply with legal and regulatory regulations, inform your company or relevant personnel of the name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information of the overseas recipient, and the methods and procedures for exercising legal rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel in accordance with the law. Our bank will take effective measures to protect the security of personal information of relevant individuals, such as conducting security assessments in accordance with regulatory requirements before cross-border data transfer, and signing agreements
The agreement, verification and other measures require overseas institutions to keep the information of relevant individuals confidential.
2. Our bank only determines the maximum storage period for personal information of relevant individuals and the storage period for relevant logs within the minimum time required by laws and regulations and necessary to achieve the purpose of this privacy policy. When the data retention period is exceeded, our bank will delete or anonymize the information of relevant individuals. For example, mobile phone number: When relevant parties need to use the mobile banking service, our bank needs to keep their mobile phone number to ensure that they can use the service normally. After the relevant parties cancel their mobile bank accounts, our bank will delete the corresponding information of that channel.
（2） The security measures taken by our bank to protect the personal information of relevant individuals
Our bank has implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information provided by relevant parties, preventing unauthorized access, copying, public disclosure, use, modification, transmission, damage or loss of data. For example, our bank will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Our bank will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Our bank will deploy access control mechanisms, strictly restrict access permissions, and systematically monitor information access and processing behavior to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; Business personnel and developers can only obtain the permission to query personal information based on operational needs; Data deletion is only authorized by the customer; Our bank will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information, and require relevant staff to sign confidentiality agreements.
If all or part of the corporate online financial services provided by our bank cease operation, our relevant products or services will be notified to your company through announcements or other forms, and the collection of personal information of relevant individuals by relevant products or services will be stopped to protect the personal information security of relevant individuals. If all or part of the public network financial services are interrupted due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., our bank will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible.
At present, we have passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection. In terms of information security, our data center has met the requirements of ISO27001 certification standard and obtained the corresponding certification.
We will do our best to ensure the security of the personal information provided by your company. At the same time, please ensure that your company and related personnel properly keep their account login names, identity information, and other authentication elements (including passwords, digital certificates, K treasure, etc.). Please ask relevant personnel to use complex passwords to assist your company in ensuring account security. When your company uses our services, we will identify the identity of relevant individuals through their login names and other identity elements. Once the aforementioned information is leaked, your company and related parties may suffer losses and may have adverse legal consequences for your company and related parties. If your company and related personnel discover that the account login name and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact our bank immediately so that we can take corresponding measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, our bank will promptly take effective remedial measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to prevent the security incident from expanding. Our bank will promptly inform your company or relevant personnel of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, and/or push notifications. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, our bank will adopt reasonable and effective methods to issue announcements. At the same time, our bank will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
4、 How can we provide personal information of relevant individuals to external parties
（1） Provide
We will not provide personal information of relevant individuals to companies, organizations, and individuals outside of our bank, except in the following circumstances:
1. External provision under legal circumstances:
Our bank may provide personal information of relevant individuals to the public in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, or as mandated by government regulatory agencies.
2. Provide to external parties with authorization or consent obtained in accordance with the law:
After obtaining authorization or consent from your company or relevant personnel, our bank will provide personal information of relevant personnel within the scope of your company's authorization to the third party agreed upon by your company.
If our bank needs to provide personal information of relevant individuals for any business other than those disclosed in this policy, we will clearly inform your company or relevant individuals of the relevant information provided in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant individuals.
Common scenarios for providing personal information include:
(1) Provide partners with:
In order to provide your company with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, some of our services will be provided by our partners. Our bank may provide certain personal information of your company's relevant personnel to our partners in order to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, our bank may provide personal information of customer related individuals to trading partners of investment banking matching services to facilitate the possibility of reaching a transaction between both parties. Our bank will only provide personal information for legal, legitimate, and necessary purposes, and will only provide personal information necessary for our services. At the same time, our bank will sign strict confidentiality agreements with our partners, requiring them to strictly handle the personal information of your company's personnel in accordance with our bank's instructions, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Our bank will require our partners not to use the provided personal information for any other purpose. If your company refuses our bank to provide the necessary personal information collected by our bank for providing services to our partners, it may result in your company being unable to use the services provided by our bank. For example:
Provide to issuers who sell financial products through agents.
These institutions are issuers of their financial products (including wealth management, insurance, funds, precious metals, and bond market treasure business) that are sold on behalf of our bank. In order to enable your company to purchase the aforementioned financial products, if the issuer requires it, we may provide the personal identification information, personal property information, personal account information, and financial product transaction information of relevant personnel of your company to the issuer who acts as an agent to sell financial products. The scope of providing personal information is limited to the requirements of the financial product issuer.
(2) Provide our bank's operating institutions and subsidiaries of Agricultural Bank of China Group with:
Your company's image
The personal information of relevant individuals may be shared within our various operating institutions and subsidiaries of the Agricultural Bank of China group. We will only provide necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this policy. The scope of providing personal information will depend on the specific business situation, including submitting statistical information to regulatory authorities as required, and based on the needs of the group's risk management and anti money laundering and anti fraud purposes, providing personal identity information of relevant personnel within our bank's various operating institutions and Agricultural Bank of China Group subsidiaries. At that time, our bank will comply with legal requirements and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel in accordance with the law.
Our bank will only provide personal information of relevant individuals to the public for legal, legitimate, necessary, and clear purposes. During the cooperation process, our bank will strictly control the behavior and permissions of our partners, and prevent data abuse or leakage risks through encrypted transmission, secure isolation, permission control, monitoring and alarm, and de identification. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle their personal information in accordance with our bank's instructions, this privacy policy, and other relevant confidentiality and security measures. At that time, our bank will inform your company or relevant personnel of the relevant rules for providing information in accordance with the law, and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel in accordance with the law.
（2） Transfer
We will not transfer the personal information of relevant individuals to other companies, organizations, or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel. If the business requires the transfer of personal information of relevant parties to the outside world, our bank will inform your company or relevant parties of the recipient's name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information in accordance with legal provisions before the transfer, and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant parties in accordance with the law;
2. According to laws and regulations or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
In mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, and similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, our bank will require new companies or organizations that hold personal information of relevant individuals to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to obtain the consent of your company or relevant individuals again.
（3） Public disclosure
Our bank will only publicly disclose the personal information of relevant individuals in the following situations:
1. Our bank will inform your company or relevant personnel of the purpose, type, etc. of disclosing personal information; Those involving sensitive information will also be informed of the content of the sensitive information and obtain authorization or consent from your company or relevant personnel in advance;
2. According to laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements of government regulatory authorities, our bank may publicly disclose personal information of relevant individuals.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, we may provide, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information of relevant individuals in the following situations without the need for prior authorization and consent from your company:
1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts to which relevant parties are parties;
2. Relevant to our bank's obligations to comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions;
3. Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. Unless expressly refused by your company or relevant parties, provide, transfer, or disclose personal information that you have disclosed or have lawfully disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with legal provisions, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
If our bank provides, transfers, or discloses personal information that has been publicly disclosed by relevant individuals and has a significant impact on their personal rights and interests, our bank will comply with the law.
5、 How can relevant individuals access and manage their personal information
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions in our country, our bank guarantees that relevant individuals can exercise the following rights regarding their personal information:
（1） Accessing personal information of relevant individuals and obtaining copies of personal information
Relevant individuals have the right to access their personal information through our bank branches, online banking, and other channels, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. In enterprise online banking, relevant personnel can access their name, ID type, ID number, contact phone number, username, password, and bound mobile phone number through "Administrator Settings Operator Information Maintenance"; Your company or related personnel can also obtain a copy of their operator's personal information through "Settings" - "Operator Information Maintenance", and copy the operator information. If relevant parties request the transfer of personal information to a designated personal information processor, and meet the conditions stipulated by the national cyberspace administration, our bank will provide the means of transfer in accordance with the law.
The relevant personnel of your company can learn about the consultation or make a request for copying information through our 95599 customer service hotline, go to our business outlets, or follow the "Agricultural Bank of China Cloud Customer Service" WeChat official account and click "My Customer Service". In the credit card business, relevant parties can request to copy information through our bank's customer service hotline 4006495599 or branches.
（2） Correct and update personal information of relevant individuals
If relevant parties discover that our bank has processed their personal information incorrectly, they have the right to request us to make corrections. Relevant parties can submit correction requests through our bank branches and online banking channels. Please note that changing the operator information of enterprise online banking can be done through our bank branch or enterprise online banking. Adding or deleting operator information requires going to the branch for processing. If relevant parties want to update their personal information, they can update their name, ID type, ID number, contact phone number, username, password, and bound mobile phone number through "Administrator Settings Operator Information Maintenance" in the enterprise online banking.
After the relevant personnel successfully correct and update their personal information on the enterprise's online banking, the enterprise's mobile banking will synchronously update the relevant information.
（3） Delete or revoke personal information of relevant individuals
In the following situations, relevant parties may request the deletion of personal information through our branch:
If our bank's handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If our bank's handling of personal information violates the agreement with your company or related parties;
3. If your company or related parties no longer use our products or services, or if related parties cancel their accounts;
If our bank no longer provides products or services to your company.
Your company can communicate
By calling our customer service hotline 95599 or visiting our branches, you can request the withdrawal of personal information of relevant individuals or the authorization and consent to this privacy policy.
In the enterprise mobile banking system, your company or related parties can revoke their authorization to use their facial information under functions such as review sending, certificate download activation, credit authorization, account opening, and platform identity authentication through the "Privacy" - "Revocation Authorization Function".
In the credit card merchant business, your company or related personnel can also submit information withdrawal applications through our bank's merchant customer service hotline 4006495599 or branches. After withdrawing consent, our bank will no longer process the personal information of relevant individuals. However, the decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on the consent of your company or related parties.
（4） Change the scope of authorization and consent from relevant parties
In some corporate transactions directly involving relevant parties, they are free to choose whether to accept the collection of their personal information by corporate online banking. In enterprise mobile banking, relevant personnel can enable or disable the corresponding location service permissions, device information reading permissions, and phone call permissions in the permission management of mobile phone settings.
（5） Cancel the corporate online banking (including corporate mobile banking) of relevant personnel
If relevant parties want to cancel the enterprise online banking, they can apply at our bank branch.
Please note that the cancellation of corporate online banking by relevant parties is irreversible. Once the relevant parties cancel their corporate online banking, the corporate mobile banking will be cancelled simultaneously, and we will delete the signing information of the corporate online banking and corporate mobile banking channels of the relevant parties. Unless otherwise specified by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies regarding the storage time of personal information.
Please note that our online channel registered users cannot cancel their corporate online banking or mobile banking by simply closing the corporate online banking page, uninstalling or stopping the use of the corporate mobile banking client. All information related to your company or related parties' corporate online banking or mobile banking will not be deleted. Your company still needs to cancel our bank account in order to achieve the above objectives.
（6） Responding to the above requests from relevant parties
We will reply or respond to the above rights requests from your company or related parties within fifteen working days. To ensure safety, relevant personnel may need to provide written requests and authorization letters through your company. Our bank may first require your company to verify the identity of the relevant personnel; Please understand that our bank may refuse requests that are not currently supported by technological means and may pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others.
In the following situations, we may not be able to respond to requests from relevant parties in accordance with laws, regulations, or regulatory requirements:
1. Relevant to our bank's obligations to comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. Our bank has sufficient evidence to indicate that your company or related parties have subjective malice or abuse of power;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of your company, related personnel or others, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my authorization and consent;
7. Responding to your company's request will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of your company, related persons, or other individuals or organizations;
8. Involving trade secrets.
Please note that if our bank decides not to respond to requests from relevant parties, we will inform your company or relevant parties of the reasons for this decision and provide a channel for complaints.
6、 How do I handle the personal information of minors in my bank
Our company's corporate products, websites, and services are mainly aimed at enterprises, institutions, etc. Minors are not allowed to create our company's corporate accounts, but some businesses (such as corporate online banking payment) may involve collecting information from minors. If our bank discovers that personal data of minors has been collected in corporate business without obtaining parental consent in advance, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
7、 How to update this policy
According to changes in national laws and regulations and the needs of service operation, our bank needs to revise this Privacy Policy (Public Version) and related rules from time to time. The revised content will be published through our official website, branches, enterprise financial service platforms, and other channels. We will also notify you through reasonable means such as website announcements and APP push notifications, so that you can timely understand the latest content of this policy. Without your explicit consent, our bank will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this policy. Please keep an eye on changes in relevant announcements, reminders, agreements, rules, and other related content from time to time.
For significant changes, our bank will also provide more prominent notifications (including app push notifications, email/SMS notifications, etc.).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. There have been significant changes in our service model, such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the methods of processing personal information;
2. The main types of recipients for the provision, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information have changed;
3. There have been significant changes in the rights and exercise of personal information processing by your company and related personnel;
4. There have been changes in the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks.
Your company is aware and confirms that if your company or related parties do not agree with the updated content, they should immediately stop using the corresponding services and cancel the relevant accounts. Our bank will stop collecting personal information from related parties; If your company continues to use the service, it will be deemed that your company and related parties agree to accept the updated content. In order for your company to receive notifications in a timely manner, it is recommended that you notify us promptly when your contact information is updated. When there are changes in the relevant personnel of your company, it is recommended that your company promptly contact our bank to update personnel information and ensure that the relevant personnel fully read and understand the content of this Privacy Policy (Public Version).
8、 How to contact my bank
If your company or related parties have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us through the following methods:
E-mail: 95599@abchina.com
Customer Service Hotline: 95599
Credit Card Customer Service Hotline: 4006695599
Agricultural Bank of China Merchant Customer Service Hotline: 4006495599
WeChat official account (debit
Card: Agricultural Bank of China Microbank/Agricultural Bank of China Cloud Customer Service
WeChat official account (credit card): Agricultural Bank of China credit card
WeChat official account (merchant): ABC merchant service
Agricultural Bank of China branches
Generally, we will reply within fifteen working days after receiving any questions, opinions, or suggestions from your company or relevant parties.
Our full name is Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Registered address: No. 69 Jianguomen Inner Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
If your company or related parties are not satisfied with our response, especially if your company or related parties believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed the legitimate rights and interests of your company or related parties, your company or related parties also have the right to file a lawsuit with relevant departments such as consumer rights protection organizations.
Personal Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (Personal Version)
ABC—2024PPIC
Updated on January 30th, 2024
Effective date: January 30, 2024
Dear customer: Our bank has updated the Privacy Policy (Personal Edition) of Agricultural Bank of China Limited, which mainly includes: 1. How our bank collects and uses your personal information; 2. How can we provide your personal information to external parties; 3. How do you access and manage your personal information.
preface
We will explain to you the relevant matters of personal information processing through this policy, and the key points are as follows:
When you handle specific business, our bank may need to collect and use the types and purposes of your personal information, so that you can understand the purpose, method, scope, etc. of our collection and use of personal information.
2. When you use certain functions of personal mobile banking and retrieve device permissions.
3. The situation of our bank storing your personal information, measures to protect your personal information, and the situation of providing your personal information to external parties in accordance with legal requirements.
4. The ways and channels in which you exercise your right to personal information.
5. Our bank's rules for protecting the personal information of minors.
6. How our bank updates this policy and how you can contact our bank.
Agricultural Bank of China Limited ("our bank" or "we") (registered address: No. 69 Jianguomen Inner Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing) understands the importance of personal information to you and will do its utmost to protect your personal information security. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, integrity, consistency of rights and responsibilities, clear purpose, choice of consent, minimum necessity, ensuring security, subject participation, openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, our bank promises that we will adopt corresponding security protection measures in accordance with mature industry security standards and the law to protect your personal information.
This Privacy Policy (Personal Version) (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") is a general privacy policy uniformly used by our bank, which applies to our products and services targeting individual customers. Regarding specific products (or services), the purpose, method, scope, and retention period of our collection and use of your personal information can also be clearly stated to you through corresponding product (or service) agreements, authorization letters, etc., and we have obtained your consent or separate consent in accordance with the law. The above documents, together with this Privacy Policy (Personal Version), constitute the complete privacy policy of our bank for individual customer products and services; If there is any inconsistency between the specific product or service agreement, authorization letter, etc. and the content of this policy, the specific product or service agreement, authorization letter, etc. shall prevail.
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy (Personal Version) before clicking or selecting "Agree" to ensure that you are fully aware of and understand its contents (especially the meaning of the highlighted content) and the corresponding legal consequences. By clicking or selecting 'Agree', you are deemed to have accepted this Privacy Policy (Personal Version). Our bank will use and protect your personal information in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and this policy.
If you would like to learn more detailed information, please read the corresponding chapter according to the following index:
1、 How can I collect and use your personal information
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
3、 How can I store and protect your personal information
4、 How can we provide your personal information to external parties
5、 How do you access and manage your personal information
6、 How do I handle the personal information of minors in my bank
7、 How to update this policy
8、 How to contact my bank
1、 How can I collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways, excluding anonymized information. Personal information includes name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety. Specifically, sensitive personal information includes ID numbers, biometric information, financial accounts, communication records and content, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, medical and health information, transaction information, specific identities, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. Among them, personal biometric information includes personal genes, fingerprints, voiceprints, palm prints, earlobes, irises, facial recognition features, etc.
When you use our related products or services, we may collect and use personal information that you voluntarily provide or generate as a result of using our related products or services, as well as personal information that is lawfully collected from third parties in accordance with laws and regulations or your authorized consent, for the purposes described in this policy. We will not process your personal information beyond the purpose and scope authorized or agreed upon by you. If we need to collect additional personal information from you, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent before collecting it.
If the business processing involves sensitive personal information, our bank will inform you of the necessity of processing sensitive personal information and the impact on personal rights in accordance with legal provisions, and obtain your separate consent in accordance with the law.
If our bank needs to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, we will comply with the requirements of laws and regulations
Please be fully informed of the purpose, method, and scope of information collection and use rules, and seek your consent again. If our bank needs to use your personal information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will also seek your consent in advance.
（1） Providing you with core business functions and/or services that require you to proactively provide personal information
In order to realize the core business functions of our personal products and services, such as personal online banking (hereinafter referred to as "personal online banking", personal handheld banking (hereinafter referred to as "personal handheld banking"), counter, super counter, self-service equipment, super workbench, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat WeChat applet, and provide you with relevant products or services, we may need to collect personal information from you. For example, when you handle business with our bank, we need to collect your basic identity information in accordance with the requirements of the Anti Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China and the Management Measures for Customer Identity Identification and Customer Identity Data and Transaction Record Preservation of Financial Institutions, including name, gender, nationality, occupation, address of residence or workplace, contact information, type, number, and validity period of your identity documents or identification documents. The following will provide a detailed list of our core business functions and the personal information collected to achieve these functions. All relevant information is necessary for our bank to provide financial products or services. If you refuse, you will not be able to use the relevant services; If you do not use the relevant products and services, our bank will not actively collect your personal information. The SMS verification codes and customer payment passwords collected in the following scenarios are only used to verify your identity, and the client will not store such information.
Please note: If you are providing personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained authorization or consent from the relevant personal information subject.
1. Account management services:
(1) According to laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, when using personal online banking, personal palm banking, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account to register, log in and activate our above personal e-banking channel services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "e-banking services"), our bank will collect your mobile phone number, ID card number and name. If you are a bank card customer of another bank, we will collect your name, gender, nationality, occupation, contact address, ID card number and ID card information when you register, log in and activate our personal e-banking service. If you register for our personal electronic banking services through the "Quick Registration" channel of your personal mobile banking, we will collect your mobile phone number and SMS verification code. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to successfully register, log in, or activate your personal electronic banking or use our services normally.
(2) According to the requirements of Chinese laws and regulations and for security purposes, when you register an account with our bank, you are required to provide your mobile phone number and send you a SMS verification code for authentication. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number for verification, it will result in unsuccessful registration and inability to use the relevant functions of our bank's personal electronic banking services. But you can log out of the registration/login service and return to the main page for browsing.
(3) When you need to verify your identity and signature for business at the counter, you need to provide or authorize our bank to collect and retain your identity document information and fingerprint images.
(4) When you use the personal palm silver fingerprint login service, in order to provide you with this service, we need you to provide your fingerprint recognition information.
(5) According to laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, when users without bank card binding upgrade their cards, we need to collect your bank card number, payment password, bank reserved mobile phone number, SMS verification code, ID card number, ID card information and communication information.
(6) When you use the super counter, personal mobile banking, or personal online banking to open a debit card, open two or three types of electronic accounts, or modify your information, our bank will collect and record your name, ID type, ID number, ID issuance date, ID expiration date, location of the issuing authority, gender, date of birth, nationality, ethnicity, occupation, mobile phone number, fixed telephone number, mailing address, and personal tax identity information in the system. If you are only a non resident or both a Chinese tax resident and a tax resident of another country (region), we will need to add your surname (English or Pinyin), first name (English or Pinyin), tax resident country (region), taxpayer identification number. If the taxpayer identification number is not filled in, the account holder must fill in the information. The specific reasons for obtaining the taxpayer identification number Current country and region code, current address (Chinese) administrative division code, current address (Chinese), current address (English or Pinyin) province (state), current address (English or Pinyin) city, current address (English or Pinyin), country and region code of birth, city of birth (Chinese) administrative division code, city of birth (Chinese), city of birth (English or Pinyin) province (state), city of birth (English or Pinyin) city, city of birth (English or Pinyin) city.
(7) When you open a debit card, you can use online channels such as the Agricultural Bank of China's microservice mini program "Super Counter Pre filling Form" to perform debit card opening preprocessing. We will collect your name, ID number, mobile phone number, occupation, and address information.
(8) When you use the super counter to sign up for electronic banking, or connect with other businesses to sign up for electronic banking and maintain personal messaging services, we will collect your mobile phone number and verify its authenticity through SMS verification codes.
(9) When you use the Super Counter to handle card replacement, password reset, or loss reporting and replacement services, in order to compare with the information retained by the system, we need to collect your mobile phone number and account balance. We need to collect your reserved mobile phone number and account balance in order to compare with the information retained in the system for card cancellation and loss reporting. In addition, we also need to collect the transferred debit card number and your transfer records.
2. Transfer payment services:
When you use personal mobile banking and super counter services for transfer and remittance functions, in order to process the corresponding business for you, we need to collect the recipient's mobile phone number, name, account number, receiving bank, and transfer remarks; We need to collect the name, account information, ID card number, identity information and communication information of the transferor.
In order to provide you with query and convenient transfer services, we need to collect and retain your transfer records.
You can also use the "Super Counter Pre filling Form" function in the Agricultural Bank of China's microservice mini program
Use check transfer pre filling service. In order to provide you with this service, we will collect your ID card number and ID card information, Chinese name, last name pinyin, first name pinyin. When you apply for transfer or delayed transfer cancellation through the super counter, our bank will collect the payer's account number, payee's name, payee's account number, and payee's bank information.
When you use personal mobile banking or personal online banking for payment, in order to process the corresponding business for you, we need to collect your name, account number, ID type, ID number, mobile phone number, and SMS verification code. In order to provide you with inquiry services, we need to collect and retain your payment records.
3. Personal loan services:
When you use loan services through personal mobile banking, WeChat banking, open banking, super counters, super workstations, mobile C4, corporate online banking and other channels, in order to provide you with this service, our bank needs to evaluate your loan qualifications, credit limit, verify your identity, and carry out risk prevention and control. Therefore, we need you to submit or authorize us to query your following information. A single loan product may only require some of the information types listed below, and the personal information collected by different loan products may vary. Please refer to the agreement text and application form of each product for details. If you do not provide this information, it may not be possible to successfully process the transaction, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of personal mobile banking.
(1) Basic information.
Including name, birthday, gender, nationality, nationality, marital status, age, mobile phone number, e-mail address, current residence address, permanent residence address, production and business address, zip code, registered residence registration location, local residence time, current housing source, ID card type, ID card number, whether the certificate is long-term valid, ID card validity period, and the location of the issuing authority.
(2) Educational work information.
Including educational level, educational background, degree, employer, industry type, occupation, position, professional title, current work experience, and previous work experience.
(3) Information on invested or operated enterprises.
Include enterprise name, shareholding ratio, years of operation in this industry and similar industries, unit address, postal code, unit phone number, mailing address, mobile phone number, email, and business registration information.
(4) Personal property information.
Including bank accounts, credit records, transaction and consumption records, household income and expenditure information (household annual income, household annual operating income, household other income, household annual expenditure, household annual operating expenditure, household living expenditure information), household asset and liability information (real estate, farmhouses, automobiles, machinery and equipment, farmland, biological assets, financial assets, inventory, other assets and our bank loans, other bank loans, private loans, external guarantees, other liability information), household business project information (planting, breeding, non breeding industry operation information), authentication information (information used to verify whether you have access or use permissions, including bank card passwords, login passwords, account query passwords, transaction passwords, dynamic passwords, SMS verification codes, password prompt question answers) etc.).
Family income and expenditure information includes monthly total income, applicant's annual income, monthly salary income, monthly operating income, other monthly income, applicant's spouse's monthly salary income, monthly operating income, other monthly income, income flow records, and deposit information; The total monthly debt expenditure of the family, the monthly repayment expenditure of the applicant, the monthly repayment expenditure of the applicant's spouse, other monthly debt expenditures of the family, the number of people supported by the family, and the total amount of external guarantees provided by the family.
(5) Network identity identification information, personal mobile banking operation records, personal commonly used device information, and personal location information.
Includes personal information subject account, IP address, personal digital certificate, personal information subject operation records stored through logs, hardware serial number, device MAC address, unique device identification code, IPV4, IPV6, PC or mobile operating system, mobile phone number, mobile phone brand, mobile phone model, GPS longitude, GPS latitude, GPS province, GPS city, and device number.
(6) Personal information of relevant parties.
Include information on spouse, other family members, co applicants/borrowers (and spouses). The scope of collecting personal information from the aforementioned individuals will not exceed the scope of personal information collected from you under this service.
(7) Loan information.
Including loan purpose, loan type, loan amount, guaranteed loan amount, credit loan amount, loan interest rate information, loan term, repayment method, repayment period, whether to apply for revolving credit limit, revolving credit limit amount, revolving credit limit validity period, whether self revolving credit limit has been applied for, and the amount of self revolving credit limit.
If you are applying for a housing loan, you need to collect the current number of housing units owned by your family (including yourself, spouse, and minor children), whether it is a housing provident fund combination loan, and the amount of housing provident fund loan.
If you are applying for a non transaction transfer loan or a loan customer applying for a housing revolving loan, you need to collect the original loan bank name, initial loan amount, and remaining loan balance.
(8) Guarantee situation.
If the house purchased with a loan is set as collateral, it is necessary to collect the seller's name, phone number, rental status, house address, house nature, property ownership certificate number, house building area, purchase contract number, total house price, down payment amount, and purchase purpose.
If a house is set as collateral, the name of the mortgagor, type of ID card, ID card number, contact phone number, address of the house, nature of the house, certificate of property rights number, and building area of the house need to be collected.
If the vehicle purchased with a loan is set as collateral, the vehicle brand, total price, and down payment must be collected.
If property other than the three types of collateral mentioned above is used as collateral, the name of the mortgagor, type of ID card, ID card number, contact phone number, name of the collateral, and the assessed value of the collateral must be collected.
If property is pledged, the name and phone number of the pledgor, the name of the pledged object, and the value of the pledged object must be collected.
If guaranteed by a legal entity, the name of the legal entity, type of guarantee, mailing address, postal code, contact phone number, business registration information, and other information required to be collected in accordance with the Privacy Policy of Agricultural Bank of China Limited (Public Version) shall be collected.
If the guarantor is a natural person, the guarantor information to be collected includes: name, gender, nationality, date of birth, marital status, ID card type, ID card number, education level, current address, current address, postcode, registered residence location, local residence time, current residence
Source of property, employer, years of work experience in current employer, years of work experience in previous employer, and position; The name of the invested or operated enterprise, shareholding ratio, operating years of the industry and similar industries, unit address, unit address postal code, communication address, communication address postal code, home phone number, mobile phone number, unit phone number, and business registration information; The income and expenditure of the guarantor's family: monthly income of the family, monthly salary income of the guarantor, monthly operating income, other monthly income, monthly salary income of the guarantor's spouse, monthly operating income, other monthly income, total monthly debt expenditure of the family, monthly repayment expenditure of the guarantor, monthly repayment expenditure of the guarantor's spouse, other monthly debt expenditure of the family, number of people supported by the family, and total amount of external guarantees provided by the family.
(9) Other information that requires authorization or submission from the applicant.
Including credit information, provident fund payment status, personal tax information, medical insurance payment status, judicial litigation information, whether included in the list of dishonest persons subject to enforcement, insurance information, business information, and negative list information.
When you apply for pricing benchmark conversion, we will collect your loan repayment status.
4. Cash services:
(1) You can enjoy the large amount cash withdrawal reservation service through personal online banking and ABC micro service applet. To provide this service, we need to collect your name, mobile phone number, ID card number and ID card information, SMS verification code, and communication information.
(2) You can make an appointment to exchange foreign currency cash through personal online banking and ABC micro service applet. To provide this service, we need to collect your name, mobile phone number, ID card number, SMS verification code, ID information, identity information and communication information.
(3) When you use the commemorative coin reservation and inquiry function provided by the super counter, in order to process the corresponding business for you, we need to collect your name, identification information, and mobile phone number. According to regulatory requirements, we need to collect your appointment record information.
(4) When you use the cash deposit and withdrawal functions provided by the super counter, as well as the functions related to the deposit and withdrawal account, if your deposit and withdrawal amount reaches the amount that needs to be audited, in order to process the corresponding business for you, we need to collect your name, account number, amount, source of funds or withdrawal purpose, mobile phone number and SMS verification code, ID type and ID number, fingerprint, identity information, and account information to ensure transaction security; At the same time, in order to provide you with query and convenient deposit and withdrawal services, we need to collect your deposit and withdrawal transaction records.
5. Investment and wealth management services:
(1) When you use the investment and wealth management functions (including Agricultural Bank of China Quick E-Treasure, funds, Agricultural Bank of China Smart Investment, collective plans, trusts, insurance, etc.) through personal mobile banking, counter, super counter, and Agricultural Bank of China microservice mini program, in order to provide you with investment and wealth management services, our bank will collect your name, gender, date of birth, nationality, ID card type, ID card number, ID card validity period, marital status, contact information, email, postal code, common address, employer, occupation, position, personal annual income, family annual income, resident type, risk type, financial account number and account name, insured relationship, insured height and weight.
(2) In order to provide you with the above-mentioned investment and wealth management services and ensure the safety of your property, we need to assess your risk tolerance. Therefore, we require you to provide your age, education, financial status, product holdings, investment experience, investment purpose, investment style, liquidity requirements, risk loss tolerance, risk preference, risk awareness, account information, identity information, identification information, and property information; At the same time, to assess whether you are a qualified investor, we need to collect your investment experience, family financial net assets, account information, identity information, identification information, and property information. You can also use the "Super Counter Pre filling Form" function in the Agricultural Bank of China's microservice mini program to conduct risk assessment pre-processing. To provide you with this service, we will collect your name and ID number.
6. Life services:
(1) You can use personal Palm Bank, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat payment applet, super counter and counter life payment function to pay for public utilities, administration, education and training, insurance, medical care, public transportation and other related fees. In order to provide you with corresponding services, our bank will collect necessary personal information based on the charging scenario, such as: when you recharge your phone bill or meal bill, we need to collect your mobile phone number or phone number; When you pay property fees, party fees, conference fees, maintenance fees, payment for goods, membership fees, deposits, and pension fees, we need to collect your name information.
(2) When you recharge various online games and application accounts through the "Game Point Card", we need to collect your game account and mobile phone number.
(3) When you use the 'High Speed Rail Steward' function to purchase train tickets, we need to collect your phone number and SMS verification code.
(4) When you recharge your fuel card, we need to collect your card number; Meanwhile, if you have coupons or red envelopes, in order for you to successfully use them, we need to collect your phone number and verification SMS code to verify the relevant information.
(5) You can activate the "Senseless Parking/Refueling" function through personal Palm Bank, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, and Agricultural Bank of China WeChat service applet. When you open this service, we need to collect your name, ID card number and ID card information, mobile phone number, license plate number, bank card number, SMS verification code, and communication information.
(6) When you use the travel service provided by Personal Palm Bank, we will collect your name, ID card number and ID card information, mobile phone number, license plate number, and bank card number. Please note that the travel services referred to here do not include contactless travel and contactless payment contracts.
(7) You can use the "UnionPay Discounts" function to obtain discount information from nearby merchants who cooperate with our bank. For this purpose, our bank needs to collect your name, ID type, ID number, mobile phone number, bank card number, location information, ID information, and identity information.
(8) You can buy all kinds of goods in the "Xingnong Mall" of Personal Palm Bank and Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account, for which we need to collect the name, contact address, mobile phone number or telephone number of the consignee. You can also purchase precious metals on the "Physical Precious Metals" page of your personal bank account. To do so, our bank needs to collect the recipient's name, contact address, mobile phone number, or phone number.
(9) You can go through China
The Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account is used for pension payment. We need to collect your ID card number.
(10) You can enjoy smart medical services through the Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account. We need to collect the name, gender, ID card number and ID card information, mobile phone number, SMS verification code of the patient.
(11) When you purchase insurance through the super counter, we will collect your mobile phone number, email address, policyholder address, annual income, postal code, occupation type, insured information, and beneficiary information. The insured and beneficiary information includes: name, gender, date of birth, nationality, document type, document number, document validity period, mobile phone number, postal code, address, and occupation category.
7. Credit card services:
(1) You can apply for and use credit card services (including installment services, the same below) through personal online banking, personal palm banking, counter, super counter, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, Agricultural Bank of China credit card applet, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat service applet, credit card customer service channel. To provide you with relevant services, we will collect your name, ID card information (including ID number, ID type, ID validity period, front and back photos of ID card), phone information (including mobile phone number, home phone number, work phone number), verification code, education level, marriage, residential status, home address, work information, work unit address, contact information (including relationship, name, mobile phone number), email address, financial account information (including bank card number or account number, account opening time, account balance, credit card magnetic stripe or chip information, and payment mark information generated based on the above information), financial transaction information (including transaction amount, transaction method, payment record, transaction voucher) POS acquiring vouchers, property information (including personal and household income and expenditure information, asset information, property information, commercial insurance information, vehicle information), loan information, public utility payment information (including tax information, housing provident fund, social security information), credit information, judicial arbitration information (including litigation or arbitration information, dishonest debtor information, restricted consumption information, asset seizure, attachment or compulsory execution situation, personal bankruptcy information), and other information that can evaluate and reflect your credit and risk status (including administrative penalty information, industrial and commercial information, breach information). Our bank will collect your aforementioned information for one or more purposes and scope of use, including identity verification, business application review and approval, limit verification and adjustment, credit verification (including continuous tracking of your credit status), risk management (including transaction monitoring, post loan management), debt collection, etc.
(2) When you apply for credit card face to face and card collection services through the super counter, in order to provide you with corresponding services, our bank will collect your name, ID card information (including ID number, ID type, ID validity period, front and back photos of ID card), credit card number, and image of the subject qualification authentication certificate.
(3) When you use the super counter to activate your credit card and set a password, our bank will collect your name, ID card information (including ID number, ID type, ID validity period, front and back photos), verification code, credit card information (including card number, validity period, CVV information) to verify your identity.
(4) You can check the progress of credit card application through personal online banking, personal palm banking and Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account. When you check the progress of credit card application, our bank will collect your ID card number, mobile phone number and verification code to verify your identity.
(5) You can use official channels such as the "Cash Transfer" function of personal mobile banking and the "Transfer" and "Transfer" functions of personal online banking to make credit card transfers. For this, we need to collect your payee's name and payment account.
(6) You can enjoy mall point shopping and point exchange services through official channels such as personal online banking, personal mobile banking, and Agricultural Bank mini programs. If you purchase or exchange physical gifts, we will collect the recipient's name, phone number, and shipping address; If you purchase or redeem virtual coupons, our bank will collect the recipient's mobile phone number, username, membership number, membership account number, and fuel card number information according to the corresponding virtual coupon recharge requirements.
(7) When you participate in official channel activities such as Personal Palm Bank, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, we need to collect your mobile phone number and contact address in order to send you physical prizes. If the prize is a virtual product, we need to collect your phone number to distribute the reward (direct recharge or coupon) to you.
(8) You can use the "Credit Card Repayment" function of your personal bank account to repay your own Agricultural Bank of China debit card or your own debit card from another bank to repay your own Agricultural Bank of China credit card, or you can use your own Agricultural Bank of China debit card to repay someone else's Agricultural Bank of China credit card. For this purpose, we need to collect your and others' names, credit card numbers, debit card numbers, and debit card bank information.
(9) When you use ABC Personal Palm Bank, credit card WeChat applet, etc. to participate in the joint marketing activities between our bank and bank card organizations (such as China UnionPay Co., Ltd.), third-party fast payment companies (such as Alipay, Tenpay, etc.), our bank will collect your mobile phone number and bank card number.
8. Private banking services:
When you use private banking signing services, wealth planning services, wealth management service trust services, public welfare and charity trust services, asset allocation services, comprehensive financial services for listed companies, insurance planning services, cross-border referral services, professional consulting services, medical and health services, business travel services, education and training services, customized travel services and other exclusive consulting and value-added services through channels such as personal mobile banking, personal online banking, counter, super counter, customer service hotline, customer manager or wealth consultant, we will collect your name, gender, nationality, occupation, contact information, contact address, ID type, ID number, property information, travel information, educational background information, and the aforementioned information of affiliated applicants (if any). Among them, when providing private banking asset allocation services, we will conduct asset allocation analysis based on your product holdings in our bank, and may collect your external asset information in order to provide asset allocation services for your entire asset portfolio.
9. Super counter service:
To provide you with services and ensure the safety of your services, when you handle services at the "Super Counter", please refer to the
According to legal regulations and regulatory requirements, you may need to provide or authorize our bank to collect user information required for the corresponding services, including your name, identity information, ID type, ID number, front and back images of the ID, bank card number/account number, mobile phone number, property information, communication information, fingerprint images, and signature handwriting, to assist you in handling business. Our bank may also verify the validity of relevant information by verifying account/card passwords and other methods.
If you refuse to provide the information required for a certain function or service, you may not be able to use that part of the function or service, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of the "Super Counter". Specifically, as follows:
(1) Media verification process: When you use our "Super Counter" to handle business using a bank card or passbook, you need to provide or authorize our bank to collect the user information required for the corresponding service, including bank card number/account number and passbook account information. Our bank verifies the validity of the relevant information by verifying the account number/card password.
(2) Certificate verification process: When you use our "super counter" to handle business and use identity documents, you need to provide or authorize our bank to collect the user information required for the corresponding service, including personal name, certificate type, certificate number, expiration date, issuing authority, date of birth, nationality, ethnicity, gender, and front and back images of the certificate.
(3) Application signing process: When you use our "Super Counter" to handle business and need to sign on the business application form, you need to provide or authorize our bank to collect your fingerprint image and signature handwriting information.
10. Self service device service:
To provide you with services and ensure the security of your services, when you handle services on "self-service devices" (including cash self-service devices, self-service terminals, and queue call machines), your identity can be verified through your account, password, ID type, and ID number to assist you in handling business. If you refuse to provide the information required for a certain feature or service, you may not be able to use that part of the feature or service. Specifically, as follows:
(1) Media verification: When you use our "self-service device" to handle business using a bank card or passbook, you need to provide or authorize our bank to collect the user information required for the corresponding service, including bank card number/account number and passbook account information. Our bank verifies the validity of the relevant information by verifying the account/card password.
(2) Facial recognition service: When you use our "self-service devices" to handle facial recognition deposits, withdrawals, transfers, as well as cardless and non discounted deposit services, our bank will collect your on-site facial information, mobile phone number, or ID type/number for verification of information validity; When you handle transfer or deposit transactions without a card, we also need to collect the recipient's account and name information to assist with the transaction.
11. Digital RMB services:
When you use digital RMB services, our bank will protect your customer information in accordance with the relevant provisions of the "Personal Information Protection Policy for Agricultural Bank of China Digital RMB Wallet".
12. Other services:
(1) Agricultural Bank of China's Personal Handheld Banking "Little Secretary" provides you with exclusive intelligent reminder services. To do so, we need to collect your payment records, credit card billing information, credit card activation status information, credit card transaction information, third-party payment channel credit card binding information, loan information, and property information.
(2) You can make an appointment for value-added services through personal online banking, for which we need to collect your name, mobile phone number, ID card number and ID card information, SMS verification code, and communication information.
(3) You can get the number in real time through the Agricultural Bank of China's microservice applet. We will collect your name, ID card number, and follow Tencent's authorization policy to obtain your geographical location information.
(4) When you use the peripheral discounts and branch reservation services provided by personal mobile banking, we will collect your location information to provide you with corresponding services for your location. When you use the branch reservation service provided by the Agricultural Bank of China's microservice applet, we will collect your name, ID card number and ID card information, mobile phone number, SMS verification code, communication information, and follow Tencent's authorization strategy to obtain your geographical location.
(5) When you use voice customer service, online customer service (online channels such as palm bank, online bank, WeChat official account, email), video customer service, new media customer service (microblog, WeChat) and other remote banking customer service channels to seek services, we may collect your name, gender, occupation, address of residence or work unit, contact information, type, number and validity period of identity documents or identification documents, financial account information, biometric information (face information or voice print information) and other information related to the service you seek according to the specific service items and remote banking customer service channels.
（2） We actively collect and use personal information in providing you with products and/or services
In order to meet the basic requirements of laws and regulations and provide services, ensure the security of your account and system operation, and more accurately prevent phishing website fraud, we will collect the following information generated by you during the use of our services to determine your account risks, control credit risks, ensure that we can provide you with normal services, analyze system problems of our bank, count traffic, and investigate when you choose to send us abnormal information. These pieces of information include:
1. Log information:
When you use the personal online banking, personal palm banking, super counter, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, WeChat applet products and/or services provided by us, we will collect the details of your use of our services and save them as network logs and transaction journal logs. Network logs include the language you use, the time of access, and the webpage records, operating system, software information, and login IP information of your use of our products and/or services; The transaction log includes transaction amount, transaction date, transaction time, transaction currency, transaction card number, transaction type, transaction terminal, transaction result, and identification information.
2. Equipment information:
When you use the personal online banking, personal palm banking, super counter, Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account, WeChat applet products and/or services provided by us, in order to provide you with corresponding services and ensure your account security and transaction security, our bank will collect your IP address, device model, device MAC address, international mobile device identification code (I
MEI）、Android ID、 International Mobile User Identity (IMSI), SIM card serial number, Bluetooth MAC address, Application Developer Identifier UUID (IDFV), Advertising Identifier (IDFA), Application Installation List, WIFI MAC Address (BSSID), Operating System Type and Version Number.
3. Search history:
When you use personal mobile banking, in order to provide you with quick search services, we need to collect your historical search records. If you use the voice search function, we will also collect your voice information.
4. Location information:
When you use our products and/or services, we will collect your location information based on relevant laws and regulations or in order to recommend convenient service outlets to you in personalized recommendations, advertising, lifestyle, credit card and other columns, so that you can use all functions under the "Life" column of our bank, including branch inquiry, branch appointment, online number collection, business status inquiry, UnionPay discounts, local discounts, life payment, Agricultural Bank of China insurance, and personal mobile banking.
5. Collection of your personal information by software development kit (SDK) service providers
Software Development Kit (SDK) refers to a collection of development tools used by software engineers to create application software for specific software packages, software frameworks, hardware platforms, operating systems, etc. In order to provide you with better services, our personal mobile banking platform has embedded some third-party SDKs, which will collect your personal information in the following scenarios of using personal mobile banking.
Gaode Software Co., Ltd
contact information gd.service@autonavi.com
Privacy Policy: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/
Beijing Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co., Ltd.
contact information map_service@baidu.com
Privacy Policy
https://lbs.baidu.com/index.php?title=openprivacy
Device information [including device identification information (Android ID, IDFA, IDFV), system information (operating system version, device brand and model, device configuration), and application information (application name)] Location information [may include latitude and longitude, GNSS information, WiFi address and signal strength information, WiFi status, WiFi parameters, WiFi list, base station ID data information, operator information, device signal strength information, IP address, Bluetooth information, and sensor information (acceleration, gyroscope, direction, pressure, rotation vector, lighting, magnetometer)]
Network type [such as mobile network, WiFi network]
Phone tracking, network access, and location tracking always allow access to location information storage
Zhuowang Digital Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd
Contact information: 010-53259000;
China United Network Communications Co., Ltd
Contact information: 010-66258731
Privacy Policy: https://ms.zzx9.cn/html/oauth/protocol2.html ；
Century Dragon Information Network Co., Ltd
Contact information: 020-87572121
Privacy Policy: https://e.189.cn/sdk/agreement/detail.do ；
China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd
Contact information: 400-10086-20
Privacy Policy: https://wap.cmpassport.com/resources/html/contract.html
Chongqing Mobile Finance Co., Ltd
Contact information: 400-668-0366
Privacy Policy: http://down.cqmfin.com/abc/regist/agreement
Huawei offline information: provided by Huawei
Privacy Policy: https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/development/
HMSCore-Guides/privacy-statement-0000001050042021；
Xiaomi Offline Message: Provided by Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd
Privacy Policy: https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822
Information Center of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security
contact information: dzsbk@e-sscard.com
Beijing Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co., Ltd.
https://www.baidu.com/duty/yinsiquan-policy.html
Contact information: 01059928888
Privacy Policy: https://www.baidu.com/duty/yinsiquan-policy.html
I can do it
Alibaba Cloud
Contact information: 400-80-13260
Privacy Policy: http://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/
suit_bu1_ali_cloud201902141711_54837.html
Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd
Contact information: 400-100-5678
Privacy Policy: https://dev.mi.com/console/
doc/detail?pId=1822
National Certification Technology Co., Ltd
Contact information: 010-56726171
Beijing Woqi Data Co., Ltd
Contact information: 400-818-6655
Privacy Policy: https://www.watchdata.com.cn/privacy-policy/
China UnionPay
Contact information: 021-68401888
IFlytek Corporation has
Limited company
Privacy Policy: https://www.xfyun.cn/doc/policy/privacy.html
Contact number: 0551-65331511
Tian Di Rong Technology Co., Ltd
Contact information: 1082068888
Yuncong Technology Group Co., Ltd
Contact information: 400-151-5992
China Mobile Internet Co., Ltd
Contact information: 10086 https://wap.cmpassport.com/resources/html/contract.html
China United Network Communications Co., Ltd
Contact information: 4000096800 https://msv6.wosms.cn/html/oauth/protocol2.html
Tianyi Digital Life Technology Co., Ltd
4008-281-189
https://e.189.cn/sdk/agreement/detail.do?hidetop=true
Guangzhou Qi'an Technology Co., Ltd
contact information:
vincywangcong@didiglobal.com
Privacy Policy:
https://page.udache.com/driver-activity-biz/baichuan-policy-agreement/index.html?mode=2&bc_appid=10005&bc_scene=app&lang=zh -CN#/catalog/-1
Beijing Bangbang Safety Technology Co., Ltd
contact information: Service@bangcle.com
Privacy Policy:
https://www.everisker.com/user/privacypolicy
Beijing Zhongdun Anxin Technology Development Co., Ltd
contact information:
after-sales@anicert.cn
Shenzhen Weifu Charging Technology Co., Ltd bd@vfuchong.com
Contact information: 4000888955
Privacy Policy: https://www.vfuchong.com/h5/h5.html
Yunnan Nantian Electronic Information Industry Co., Ltd
contact information:
luowei@nantian.com.cn
Tian Di Rong Technology Co., Ltd
Contact information: 1082068888
（3） My bank's personal mobile banking device permission access situation
In certain scenarios or services, our personal mobile banking and Agricultural Bank of China credit card mini programs may invoke some of your device permissions (see table below). We will obtain your consent separately in the form of a pop-up window before invoking the corresponding permissions for the first time. You can choose to disable some or all permissions in the device settings function to refuse our collection of corresponding personal information.
（4） We obtain your personal information from a third party
In the process of providing you with the products and/or services you need, we may inquire, print, use, verify and save your relevant information, including personal basic information, credit information, public utilities payment (including provident fund information, social security information, social security information, etc.), tax payment, Loan, guarantee, account information Business information, transaction information, asset information, judicial arbitration information, industrial and commercial information, and telecommunications information.
When you log in to Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account and Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat service applet, we will follow Tencent's authorization strategy to collect your avatar, nickname, openid, unionid, so as to provide you with services related to Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account and WeChat service applet. Your personal information generated and provided on the Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account and the Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat service applet will be collected and used by our bank in accordance with this policy. WeChat, as a developer, has promised not to collect, store, use or authorize others to use the aforementioned personal information for any purpose without authorization.
In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, some of the electronic banking services you use may be directly provided by third-party service providers in their environment, and we will not collect or share any of your personal information at this time. Third parties are not bound by this privacy policy. We recommend that you review the platforms of third-party service providers and understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information in accordance with their disclosed privacy policies.
（5） How can I use your personal information
1. To provide you with our bank's financial products or services, and to use them for the purpose of improving these products or services, in order to identify, verify your identity, approve, manage, process, execute or implement transactions that you request or authorize.
2. Fulfill our compliance responsibilities, including meeting regulatory compliance, tax compliance, and other regulatory requirements, as well as reporting to relevant departments in accordance with domestic and foreign laws, regulations, or regulatory requirements (including money laundering, terrorism financing, bribery, corruption, tax evasion, fraud, etc.).
During the period when our bank provides financial services to you, you agree that our bank will continue to process your personal information in accordance with legal provisions and our agreement with you. When you cancel the service, we will stop collecting your relevant personal information, but our bank will continue to use the previously collected personal information in areas such as business data archiving, auditing, regulatory cooperation, and compliance with anti money laundering and sanctions regulations in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
4. In order to enhance your product or service experience, or to prevent risks, our bank will summarize, analyze, and process the usage of services, but this information will not include any of your identification information.
5. In order to inform you of the use of our financial products or services or to further understand our services, our bank may send you service status notifications and commercial information about related products or services.
6. Other purposes authorized and permitted by law.
（6） Exception for our bank to obtain authorization to collect and use your personal information
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, in the following exceptional circumstances, even without your consent, our bank may still collect and use your personal information:
1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;
2. Relevant to our bank's obligations to comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions;
3. Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. Unless you explicitly refuse, collect and use your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range in accordance with legal provisions, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
If our bank collects or uses your publicly available personal information that has a significant impact on your personal rights and interests, we will obtain your consent in accordance with legal provisions. If we collect or use your personal information outside of the above circumstances, we will fully explain to you the purpose, purpose, content, and scope of collecting and using your relevant information, and obtain your consent or authorization in advance.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not mentioned in the above description and collects your information, we will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of the information collection to you through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., and obtain your consent.
2、 How do I use cookies and similar technologies in my bank
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the service, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can verify the correctness of the information you input (such as mobile verification codes) and prevent duplicate sending of information (such as verification codes) to you, analyze visitor numbers and general website usage. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change your settings every time you visit our website. The "Help" section in most browser toolbars will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to make your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to completely turn off cookies. In addition, you can turn off or delete similar data used by browser add ons (such as Flash cookies) by changing the settings of the browser add ons or by accessing the provider's webpage. But this action may affect your secure access to our website and use of our services in certain situations.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, our bank will also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on the website. For example, the email we send to you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on the link, our bank will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. With the help of pixel tags in emails, our bank can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe at any time by turning off cookies.
（3） Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your choice.
3、 How can I store and protect your personal information
（1） Our bank's storage of your personal information
1. The personal information collected and generated by our bank within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. But in order to provide you with cross-border business products or services, your personal information may need to be transferred overseas. In this case, our bank will comply with legal and regulatory regulations, inform you of the name or title of the overseas recipient, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information, and the methods and procedures for exercising legal rights against the overseas recipient, and obtain your separate consent in accordance with the law. Our bank will take effective measures to protect the security of your personal information, such as conducting security assessments in accordance with regulatory requirements before cross-border data transfer, and requiring overseas institutions to keep your information confidential through measures such as signing agreements and verification.
2. Our bank only determines the maximum storage period for your personal information and the storage period for your logs within the minimum time limit required by laws and regulations and necessary to achieve the purpose of this policy. When the data retention period is exceeded, we will delete or anonymize your information. For example, mobile phone number: When you need to use personal mobile banking services, our bank needs to keep your mobile phone number to ensure that you can use the service normally. After you cancel your personal mobile banking account, our bank will delete the corresponding information of that channel.
（2） The security measures taken by our bank to protect your personal information
Our bank has implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, copying, public disclosure, use, modification, transmission, damage or loss of data. For example, our bank will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Our bank will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Our bank will deploy access control mechanisms to strictly restrict access permissions, monitor information access and processing behavior systematically, and ensure that only authorized personnel are authorized
Access to personal information; And our bank will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information, and require relevant staff to sign confidentiality agreements.
If all or part of the electronic banking services provided by our bank cease operation, our relevant products or services will inform you through announcements or other forms, and at the same time, stop the collection of your personal information by related products or services, or delete or anonymize the personal information held to protect your personal information security. If all or part of the electronic banking business is interrupted due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., our bank will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible. If our bank goes bankrupt and there is no successor, we will delete the personal information we hold.
At present, we have passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection. In terms of information security, our data center has met the requirements of ISO27001 certification standard and obtained the corresponding certification.
We will do our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide. At the same time, please make sure to properly keep your account login name and other identity elements. Please use a complex password to assist our bank in ensuring the security of your account. When you use our services, we will identify your identity through your login name and other identity elements. Once you disclose the aforementioned information, you may suffer losses and may have adverse legal consequences. If you find that your account login name and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact our bank immediately so that we can take corresponding measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, our bank will promptly take effective remedial measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to prevent the security incident from expanding. Our bank will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, and/or push notifications. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, our bank will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, our bank will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
4、 How can we provide your personal information to external parties
（1） Provide
We will not provide your personal information to companies, organizations, or individuals outside of our bank, except in the following circumstances:
1. External provision under legal circumstances:
Providing your personal information to external parties is necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts to which you are a party, or for the performance of our legal obligations as defined by laws and administrative regulations. For example, to meet regulatory compliance, tax compliance, and other regulatory requirements that must be complied with, providing information to relevant departments (including money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery, corruption, tax evasion, fraud, etc.).
2. Provide to external parties with separate consent or authorization:
After obtaining your separate consent, our bank will provide personal information within the scope of your authorization to other parties.
If the business needs to provide your personal information to the outside world, our bank will inform you of the name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information of the recipient before providing it, and obtain your separate consent, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
If our bank needs to provide your personal information to external parties for any business other than those disclosed in this policy, we will, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, separately inform you of the relevant information provided and obtain your separate authorization or consent.
The common scenarios in which our bank provides personal information to external parties include:
(1) Provide authorized partners with:
To provide you with necessary services, our bank will provide certain personal information of you to other authorized partners. For example, recipients, beneficiaries, intermediaries, correspondent and agent banks, stock exchanges, securities companies, etc. acting on your behalf, or individuals making payments to you; Other financial institutions, industry associations, bank card organizations, credit rating agencies, credit reporting agencies, information service providers, and guarantee companies; Third party asset management institutions that provide you with asset management services and partners of private banking exclusive services. Our bank will also cooperate with government agency platforms, such as providing certain personal information of you to relevant institutions such as social security, customs, and taxation. Our bank will only provide your personal information for legal, legitimate, and necessary purposes, and will only provide personal information necessary for the service. At the same time, our bank will sign strict confidentiality agreements with our partners, requiring them to strictly handle your personal information in accordance with our bank's instructions, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. We will also require our partners not to use the provided personal information for any other purpose. If you refuse our bank and our partners to provide the necessary personal information collected by our bank for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the service at our bank. For example:
Provide to issuers selling financial products.
These institutions are issuers of their financial products (such as funds, insurance, trusts, etc.) that are sold on behalf of our bank. In order to enable you to purchase the aforementioned financial products, we may provide your personal identification information, personal property information (if required by the issuer), personal account information, and financial product transaction information to the issuer who acts as an agent to sell financial products.
(2) Provide our bank's operating institutions and subsidiaries of Agricultural Bank of China Group with:
Your personal information may be shared among various operating institutions of our bank and subsidiaries of Agricultural Bank Group. This sharing is subject to the purposes stated in this policy, and the scope of providing personal information will depend on specific business situations, including reporting statistical information to regulatory authorities as required, sharing your personal identity information and account information within our bank's various operating institutions and Agricultural Bank Group subsidiaries based on the needs of group risk management and anti money laundering and anti fraud purposes. Once the purpose of processing personal information is changed, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
We will only provide your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, and clear purposes. During the cooperation process, our bank will strictly control the behavior and permissions of our partners, and prevent data abuse or leakage risks through encrypted transmission, secure isolation, permission control, monitoring and alarm, and de identification. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to comply with
Our bank's instructions, this privacy policy, and other relevant confidentiality and security measures are used to process your personal information. Our bank will require our partners not to use the received personal information for any other purpose. If our bank discovers that the cooperating party violates legal and regulatory requirements or agrees with our bank to handle personal information, we will immediately require them to stop the relevant behavior and take or require them to take effective remedial measures (such as changing passwords, revoking permissions, disconnecting network connections, etc.) to control or eliminate the security risks faced by personal information; If necessary, our bank will terminate business relationships with relevant partners and require them to promptly delete personal information obtained from our bank. If you refuse to allow our partner to share with us the personal information we collect necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the service at our bank.
（2） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to companies, organizations, or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your separate consent. If the business requires the transfer of your personal information to external parties, our bank will inform you of the recipient's name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information in accordance with the law before the transfer, and obtain your separate consent, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations;
2. According to laws and regulations or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
In mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, and similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, our bank will inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, our bank will require the company or organization to obtain your explicit consent again.
If our bank violates laws and regulations or violates our agreement with you by providing or transferring your personal information to our partners, and you request to delete the relevant information, our bank will immediately stop providing or transferring the information and notify the third party to delete it in a timely manner.
（3） Public disclosure
Our bank will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. Our bank will inform you of the purpose and type of disclosure of personal information, and if sensitive information is involved, we will also inform you of the content of the sensitive information and obtain your separate consent or authorization in advance;
2. According to laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements of government regulatory authorities, our bank may publicly disclose your personal information.
If our bank violates laws and regulations or violates our agreement with you to publicly disclose your personal information, and you request to stop the disclosure, our bank will immediately stop the disclosure and issue a notice requiring the relevant recipient to delete the corresponding information.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, we may provide, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information in the following situations without obtaining your prior authorization and consent:
1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;
2. Relevant to our bank's obligations to comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions;
3. Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. Unless you explicitly refuse, provide, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information that you have disclosed or have lawfully disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with legal provisions, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
If our bank provides, transfers, or discloses your publicly available personal information that has a significant impact on your personal rights and interests, we will obtain your consent in accordance with legal provisions.
5、 How do you access and manage your personal information
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions in our country, our bank guarantees your right to exercise your personal information. We will reply or respond to your request for the following rights within 15 working days:
（1） Accessing your personal information and obtaining a copy of your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information through our bank branches, personal online banking, personal mobile banking, telephone banking and other channels, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. In personal online banking, you can access your personal information through "My - My Information" to check your gender, marital status, ethnicity, occupation, email, company name, and registered mobile phone number. At the branch, you can check your personal information through manual counters or super counters. Through the super counter, you can check your mobile phone number, landline number, occupation, contact address, and personal tax status through "Bank Card Business - Data Modification". In your personal banking account, you can access your personal information through "My Security Center Personal Information Maintenance" to check your name, gender, nationality, ID type, ID validity period, email, contact address, postal code, occupation information, and copy some of the information; You can access your personal information stored in the credit card system through "Home - Credit Card - Card Manager - Personal Information", and check your home address, home zip code, home phone number, company name, company address, company zip code, company phone number, and mobile phone number. If you request to transfer your personal information to a designated personal information processor and meet the conditions stipulated by the national cyberspace administration, our bank will provide the means of transfer in accordance with the law.
（2） Correct and update your personal information
If you find any errors in the processing of your personal information, you have the right to request us to make corrections. Similarly, if you wish to update your personal information, you can also update some of your personal information through electronic channels. Before you modify your personal information, we will verify your identity. The specific modification channels are as follows:
In personal online banking, you can modify your gender, marital status, ethnicity, occupation, email, and company name through "My - My Information".
In personal banking, you can modify your gender, email, landline phone number, contact address, postal code, and occupation information through "My Customer Information"; You can also modify your reserved home address, home postal code, home phone number, company name, company address, company postal code, company phone number, and mobile phone number in our credit card system through "Home - Credit Card - Card Manager - Personal Information".
In the Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account and the Agricultural Bank of China applet, you can modify the binding relationship between your WeChat ID and Palm Bank identity through "My Account - Switch Account Login".
In the Agricultural Bank of China credit card and credit card WeChat mini program, you can
Modify the binding relationship between one's WeChat ID and the credit card held by our bank through the "associated service number".
The information you filled in the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall can be modified by logging in to the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall. Please note that as your information in the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall is not associated with your personal information on Zhangyin, modifying some of your personal information through personal Zhangyin does not necessarily mean modifying your information in the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall.
At the super counter, you can use "Bank Card Business - Data Modification" to modify the validity period, date of birth, issuing authority, nationality, ethnicity, gender, mobile phone number, landline phone number, occupation, contact address, and personal tax status of your documents. The specific range of information that can be modified for debit and credit cards is subject to the interface display.
In addition, you can also submit modification requests through our branches, customer service hotline (95599), and other channels.
（3） Delete your personal information
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information through our branch:
If our bank's handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If our bank's handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
3. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
If our bank no longer provides you with products or services.
You can request the deletion of your personal information through our branches, customer service hotline (95599), and other means. In personal online banking, you can request to delete your gender, marital status, ethnicity, occupation, email address, and company name through "My - My Information". In personal mobile banking, you can request to delete your gender, email, landline phone number, contact address, postal code, and occupation information through "My Customer Information". The information you filled in the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall can be deleted by logging in to the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall.
（4） Change the scope of your authorized consent
In personal mobile banking, our bank will prompt you during client initialization whether to grant relevant authorization. You can freely choose whether to accept it and provide you with a method to withdraw your authorization to collect and use personal information.
You have the right to revoke our bank's authorization based on your consent to process relevant personal information. For example, you can withdraw your authorization to share your personal information and process your facial recognition information with third-party institutions through our personal mobile banking channel by following "My Settings Authorization Management". You can also withdraw your authorization to process your facial information by visiting our bank's branch, or withdraw your authorization to provide information for our credit card business through our bank's credit card customer service hotline. In addition, you can also request to withdraw your authorization through our 95599 customer service hotline, online customer service, etc. Please note that this policy covers the collection and use of your personal information through the core functions of our main online and offline service channels. After you terminate the contract with each account of our bank, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your consent to this policy of our bank. After you withdraw your authorization, our bank will no longer process your corresponding personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations; At the same time, revoking authorization does not affect the effectiveness of personal information processing activities that have been carried out based on your authorization before revocation. Based on the needs of conducting business, your withdrawal of consent may affect the service functions of the relevant channels you use.
You can grant or revoke your authorization and consent at any time by enabling or disabling location service permissions, reading contact permissions, making phone calls, etc. based on the different brands and models of your mobile phone.
When you use the Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account and WeChat applet, we will obtain geographical location authorization according to Tencent's strategy. You can change your authorization for us to obtain geographical location by modifying the WeChat positioning service in the system settings. In the applet, you can also change your authorization for us to obtain geographical location by setting the location information of the applet.
In personal mobile banking, if you need to turn off the targeted push function, you can go to "Home - Messages - Settings - Discount Messages", slide the right button to turn off the targeted push discount message service.
To provide you with more accurate and convenient services, our bank will make comprehensive judgments based on your personal identity information, operational information, and transaction information, and recommend products and related content introductions that you may be interested in. At the same time, in order to ensure your autonomy in receiving information, if you need to turn off the "personalized recommendation" function, you can go to "My Settings Personalized Recommendation" on your personal mobile banking, slide the right button to turn off the "personalized recommendation" function.
（5） Cancel your account
If you cancel our second and third category electronic accounts, you can choose personal mobile banking, personal online banking, or cancel at the branch. If you are a personal mobile banking user, you can cancel your second and third category electronic accounts through "My Account - Electronic Account Details - More - Cancel Account" on your personal mobile banking; If you are a personal online banking user, you can cancel your second and third category electronic accounts by going to "Account - My Account - Electronic Account - Account Management - Electronic Account Cancellation".
（6） Cancel your electronic banking channel
If your handheld bank does not bind an account or ID number number, you need to cancel our handheld bank. You can enter the mobile phone number verification code in the handheld bank through "My Settings Logout and Exit", and then you can cancel the handheld bank after verification. If your handheld bank has bound your account or ID number, you can go to our branch to cancel. If you cancel our online banking, you can go to the branch to handle the cancellation business.
Please note that your cancellation of your personal online banking channel is irreversible. Once you cancel your personal online banking channel, your personal mobile banking channel will be cancelled simultaneously, and we will delete the channel signing information related to you in your personal online banking and personal mobile banking client. Unless otherwise specified by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies regarding the storage time of personal information.
Please note that when our online channel registered users only close the corporate online banking page, uninstall or stop using the personal mobile banking client, delete the applet, or delete the official account, they will not be able to log off your personal online banking or personal mobile banking channel, and the information about your personal online banking or mobile banking will not be deleted.
（7） In response to your above request
To ensure security, our bank may require you to provide a written request and verify your identity before processing your request. Please understand that current technological means are not yet supported and may pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others
Please, I may refuse.
Despite the above agreement, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with laws, regulations or regulatory requirements in the following situations:
1. Relevant to our bank's obligations to comply with laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. Our bank has sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding your or others' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my authorization and consent;
7. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
8. Involving trade secrets.
Please note that if our bank decides not to respond to your request, we will inform you of the reasons for this decision and provide you with a channel for complaint.
6、 How do I handle the personal information of minors in my bank
We expect parents or guardians to guide minors in using our services. Our bank will protect the confidentiality and security of personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.
If you are a minor, it is recommended that your parents or guardians read this policy and use our services or provide your personal information to our bank with their consent. If you are a minor under the age of 14, your personal information is considered sensitive personal information. Our bank will collect your personal information with the explicit consent of your parents or other guardians. For personal information collected with the consent of parents or guardians, our bank will only use it with legal permission and the consent of parents or guardians. If your guardian does not agree to your use of our services or provision of personal information to our bank in accordance with this policy, please immediately terminate your use of our services and notify our bank in a timely manner so that we can take appropriate measures. For information on handling personal information of minors under the age of 14, please refer to the "Declaration on the Protection of Personal Information of Minors".
If you are the parent or guardian of a minor and have any questions about the processing of their personal information, please contact our bank through the contact information provided in Section 8 below.
7、 How to update this policy
According to changes in national laws and regulations and service operation needs, our bank needs to revise this policy and related rules from time to time. The revised content will be announced through our bank's portal website, personal mobile banking, personal online banking, branches and other channels, and will be notified to you through APP push notifications, pop-up prompts and other means, so that you can timely understand the latest content of this policy. Without your explicit consent, our bank will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this policy. Please keep an eye on changes in relevant announcements, reminders, agreements, rules, and other related content from time to time.
For significant changes, our bank will also provide more prominent notifications (including app push notifications, email/SMS notifications, etc.).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. There have been significant changes in our service model, such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the methods of processing personal information;
2. The main types of recipients for the provision, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information have changed;
3. There have been significant changes in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
4. There have been changes in the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks.
You acknowledge and confirm that if you do not agree with the updated content, you should immediately stop using the corresponding service and cancel the relevant account. Our bank will stop collecting your personal information; If you continue to use the service, it is deemed that you agree to accept the updated content. In order for you to receive notifications in a timely manner, we suggest that you notify us promptly when your contact information is updated.
8、 How to contact my bank
If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us through the following methods:
E-mail: 95599@abchina.com
Customer Service Hotline: 95599
WeChat official account (debit card): Agricultural Bank of China WeChat
WeChat official account (credit card): Agricultural Bank of China credit card
Generally, we will reply within 15 working days after receiving your questions, opinions, or suggestions.
Our full name is Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Registered address: No. 69 Jianguomen Inner Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to file a complaint with relevant departments such as consumer rights protection organizations.
Business branch inquiry
Website Statement
Website Map
contact us
Privacy Policy
Customer Service Hotline: 95599
Credit card customer service hotline: 4006695599;
WeChat official account (debit card): Agricultural Bank of China WeChat
WeChat official account (credit card): Agricultural Bank of China credit card
Agricultural Bank of China branches
Our full name is Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Registered address: No. 69 Jianguomen Inner Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
If the customer is not satisfied with our bank's response, especially if our bank's personal information processing behavior damages the customer's legitimate rights and interests, the customer has the right to file a complaint with relevant departments such as consumer rights protection organizations.
The term 'minor' in this statement refers to a minor under the age of fourteen.
Please understand that in case of any inconsistency between this statement and the Privacy Policy, this statement shall prevail; If not specified in this statement, the Privacy Policy shall apply accordingly.
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Privacy Policy (Public Version)
Updated on January 30th, 2024
Effective Date: January 30, 2024
Dear customer: Our bank has updated the "Privacy Policy of Agricultural Bank of China Limited (Corporate Version)", which mainly includes: 1. How our bank collects and uses personal information of relevant personnel of your company; 2. How can our bank provide personal information of relevant personnel of your company to external parties; 3. How can relevant personnel of your company access and manage their personal information.
Our bank will elaborate on personal information processing related matters through this policy, with the following key points:
This Privacy Policy (Corporate Version) (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy") is a general privacy policy uniformly used by our bank, applicable to our company's corporate business products and services. For specific products (or services), the purpose, method, and scope of our bank's collection and use of personal information from relevant individuals can also be clearly stated to your company or relevant individuals through corresponding product (or service) agreements, authorization letters, and other means, and the consent or separate consent of your company or relevant individuals can be obtained in accordance with the law. The above documents, together with this Privacy Policy (Corporate Version), constitute the complete privacy policy of our bank for corporate customer products and services; If there is any inconsistency between the specific product (or service) agreement, authorization letter, etc. and the content of this policy, the specific product (or service) agreement, authorization letter, etc. shall prevail.
The "relevant persons" referred to in this policy refer to natural persons who handle business related to your company, such as company directors, supervisors, senior management personnel, controlling shareholders or actual controllers, legal representatives, responsible persons, and authorized business handlers (hereinafter referred to as "handlers").
Before signing the Privacy Policy (Public Version), please convey this policy to relevant parties to ensure that they are aware of and fully understand this policy (especially the meaning of the highlighted content) and the corresponding legal consequences, and obtain their authorization or consent in accordance with the law. Your company (including your legal representative or authorized agent) clicking or checking "agree" will be deemed as your company and the relevant personnel handling business for your company accepting the "Privacy Policy (Corporate Version)". Our bank will legally use and protect the personal information of relevant personnel in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and this policy.
If your company would like to learn more detailed information, please read the corresponding chapter according to the following index:
ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account password, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.
Sensitive personal information
Sensitive personal information includes: ID number, biometric information, financial accounts, communication records and content, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, medical and health information, transaction information, specific identities, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. Among them, personal biometric information includes personal genes, fingerprints, voiceprints, palm prints, earlobes, irises, facial recognition features, etc.
When your company or its related personnel use our bank's related products or services, we may collect and use personal information provided by your company or related personnel during the use of our bank's related products or services, as well as personal information lawfully collected from third parties in accordance with laws and regulations or authorized by your company, for the following purposes as stated in this policy. If our bank needs to collect additional personal information from relevant personnel of your company, or use the collected information for other purposes, we will inform your company or relevant personnel in a reasonable manner and obtain their consent again before collection.
Type, number, and validity period of identity documents or identification documents
Core business functions
If your company refuses, you will not be able to use the relevant services;
Reminder to your company: If your company provides personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained authorization from the relevant parties in accordance with the law.
Mobile phone number, ID card number
Identity information, communication information
ID type and ID number,
ID No
Identity information, ID type, ID number, ID validity period, personal biometric information, communication and contact information;
Identity information, ID type, ID number, ID validity period, valid ID address, investment information
Identity information, phone number, mobile phone number, email address, ID type, ID number, ID validity period, and valid ID address
ID type, ID number, front and back images of ID, unit settlement card number/account, fingerprint image, signature handwriting,
Account/Card Password
Account, password, ID type, ID number
Bank card number/account number, passbook account number
Address book information, registered mobile phone number of payee
Payee card number, account information, identity information, communication information
Account, account information, identity information
Account, account information, identity information.
Payment transaction records
Card number, remaining non authentication amount, transfer amount, transferring party account name, and additional security authentication method
Transfer records.
Account and Account Name
In addition, we also provide multiple ways for your company to disable the function. Your company can log in to the mobile bank through the administrator and go to 【 More 】 - 【 Face recognition settings 】 to turn it off; Or log in to online banking, go to 【 Settings 】 - 【 Operator Information Maintenance 】 - 【 Select Operator 】 - 【 Face recognition switch 】 to turn off. The operator can also log in to the mobile bank and go to 【 More 】 - 【 Security Center 】 - 【 Face Password 】 to turn off the facial recognition transfer function by themselves. However, when turning it back on, the administrator still needs to perform the above operations.
For the local biometric authentication function of certain brands or models of mobile terminals, the information is processed by the mobile terminal provider, and our bank does not retain the information related to the mobile application terminal functions of your company's relevant personnel.
Mobile phone number, identity information, communication information
Mobile phone number, account information, identity information, communication information
Account number, amount, account information, identity information
Latitude and longitude, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), account information, identity information, communication information
Your company or relevant personnel can make appointments and check the progress of appointment applications through the enterprise mobile bank. In order to provide this service to your company, our bank needs to collect the operator's mobile phone number, verification code, account information, identity information, and communication information.
Mobile phone number, ID card number
Login password, account information, identity information, communication information
ID type, ID number, bank card/account number, facial recognition authentication information, account information, identity information
After the relevant personnel complete the login of the enterprise's mobile banking, the system will prompt them to bind their mobile devices. This process will collect the unique device identifier of the relevant personnel. If the relevant personnel refuse to provide this information, the above binding operation cannot be completed.
Identity document information, nationality/region, contact information, communication information, signature handwriting, account information, identity information
Transaction information.
ID card number, contact information, communication information, identity information and transaction information
Contact information, ID type, ID number, and ID validity period
Mobile phone number information
Identity document information (ID number, expiration date), contact phone number, contact address
ID information (ID number, expiration date), contact phone number, contact address
ID card information (ID number, validity period), account information (ABC debit card number), contact phone number, contact address
Mobile phone number, shipping address
The name and phone number of the shop assistant
The login name, name, and mobile phone number of the shop assistant
ID card number
Credit information, contact information, account information
Address of residence or workplace, contact information, type, number, and expiration date of identification documents or identity certificates, financial account information, biometric information (facial or voiceprint information)
When your company uses the enterprise business card service, our bank will collect the names and contact information (contact phone number, contact address, email) of relevant personnel in your company.
In order to meet the basic requirements of laws and regulations and provide services, ensure the security of your company's account and system operation, and more accurately prevent phishing website fraud, we will collect relevant information generated by your company during the use of our products or services to determine your company's account risk and control credit risk, ensure that we can provide normal services to your company, analyze our bank's system problems, count traffic, and investigate abnormal information when your company chooses to send us. These pieces of information include:
Network logs and transaction flow logs
Transaction amount, transaction date, transaction time, transaction currency, recipient/payer account, transaction type, transaction terminal, transaction result, and identification information.
Transaction date, transaction time, transaction account, transaction type
ID number, communication and contact information
Software development toolkit refers to a collection of development tools used by software engineers to create application software for specific software packages, software frameworks, hardware platforms, operating systems, etc. In order to provide better services to your company and related parties, our enterprise mobile banking platform has embedded some SDKs, which will collect personal information of relevant parties in the following scenarios of using enterprise mobile banking.
Implement functionality and scene description
Type of Personal Information
Device permissions invoked
Provide location and map functions
In order to provide location services to users
Location information (latitude and longitude, precise location, rough location) [obtained through IP address, GNSS information, WiFi status, WiFi parameters, WiFi list, SSID, BSSID, base station information, signal strength information, Bluetooth information, sensor information (vector, acceleration, pressure), device signal strength information, external storage directory], device identification information (IMEI, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID, MEID, MAC address, etc.] OAID、IMSI、ICCID、 Hardware serial number, current application information (application name, application version number), device parameters, and system information (system properties, device model, operating system, operator information).
Location permission, storage permission, and access to phone status
Phone tracking, network access, and location tracking always allow access to location information storage
Data Analysis SDK
Provide client data collection and analysis functions (user click analysis, phone model, etc.)
User click analysis, phone model, operating system type, IMSI, Android ID
Appointment Account Opening - Verification of Legal Person's Account Opening Intention
User video recording
Mobile phone number, user gender
Online Customer Service SDK
Provide online customer service related services
Recording, camera
Speech Recognition SDK
Interaction Center SDK
Implement the push of partial transaction information, discount messages, and activity information
Phone number, phone model IMSI、Android ID、 International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)
Change configuration permissions
Device Identification SDK
Accurate positioning and analysis of problems
International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), MAC address, device manufacturer, Android ID, CPU type
Cloud based Face SDK
Provide facial recognition function
Customer number, ID information, customer name, facial image information
Mobile Number Transparent Transmission SDK
Provide mobile phone number authentication services
Mobile phone number, mobile operator authentication information, IMSI, Android ID
Xiaomi Open Platform Message Push SDK
Provide Xiaomi offline notification function
Beijing Xiaomi Mobile Software Co., Ltd
In certain scenarios or services, our enterprise mobile banking may invoke some device permissions of relevant personnel (see table below for details). We will obtain the consent of the relevant parties separately in the form of a pop-up window before the first call of the corresponding permissions. The relevant parties can choose to turn off some or all permissions in the device's settings function, thereby refusing our bank to collect the corresponding personal information.
Convenient for your company to use audio K treasure, voice search, and video customer service services
Video customer service unavailable, voice search unavailable, audio K Bao signature unavailable
Home, Nearby Branches, Branch Reservation
The current city, branch reservation and other location related services cannot be used
Connect and interact with customer mobile phones and third-party devices
Album (only accessible to IOS users)
Receipt verification, appointment for account opening
Read album photos, scan to identify local album images, upload ID photos
Unable to apply for appointment account opening certificate photo upload, scan to identify local album images, album image upload
Storage (Android users only)
Application upgrade, scan, receipt verification, appointment for account opening
Application upgrade, access album photos, scan code for authentication or upload ID photos
The functions of application upgrade, scanning to recognize local album images, reading local images, and saving images to the album cannot be used
Phone (Android users only)
Login, data collection and analysis
Obtain device identification
Unable to obtain device identification code, unable to log in to enterprise mobile banking
Push you a message
Unable to receive push messages from our bank normally
Used to obtain the network status of mobile phones, without
Network requests and file download strategies in the same network state
Self starting upon startup
Used to start message push service
Cannot receive push messages when the application is not launched
Allow the use of fingerprints
Used for fingerprint recognition login
Unable to use fingerprint login function
Create desktop shortcut
Add desktop shortcut to mini program
Mini program cannot add desktop shortcut
Install other applications within the application
Install the upgrade package for the application itself
Unable to install upgrade package
Please note that by granting these permissions, your company or relevant personnel authorize our bank to collect and use this information to achieve the above functions. If these authorizations are cancelled, our bank will no longer continue to collect and use this information from your company or related parties, nor will we be able to provide the functions corresponding to these authorizations to your company.
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, in the following exceptional circumstances, even without the consent of your company or relevant parties, our bank may still collect and use the personal information of relevant parties:
If our bank collects or uses personal information that has been publicly disclosed by relevant individuals and has a significant impact on their personal rights and interests, our bank will comply with legal provisions. If we collect or use personal information of relevant persons outside of the above circumstances, we will fully explain to your company or relevant persons the purpose, method, and scope of collecting and using personal information of your company's relevant persons, and obtain their prior consent or authorization.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to your company are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not mentioned in the above description and collects information from relevant parties, we will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of information collection to your company or relevant parties through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., and obtain their consent.
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your company or related parties' browsers have enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your company and related parties' choices.
However, in order to provide you with cross-border business products or services, the personal information of relevant individuals may need to be transferred overseas. In this case, our bank will comply with legal and regulatory regulations, inform your company or relevant personnel of the name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information of the overseas recipient, and the methods and procedures for exercising legal rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel in accordance with the law. Our bank will take effective measures to protect the security of personal information of relevant individuals, such as conducting security assessments in accordance with regulatory requirements before cross-border data transfer, and requiring overseas institutions to protect the confidentiality of relevant individuals' information through measures such as signing agreements and verification.
Our bank has implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information provided by relevant parties, preventing unauthorized access, copying, public disclosure, use, modification, transmission, damage or loss of data. For example, our bank will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Our bank will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Our bank will deploy access control mechanisms, strictly restrict access permissions, and systematically monitor information access and processing behavior to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; Business personnel and developers can only obtain the permission to query personal information based on operational needs; Data deletion is only authorized by the customer; Our bank will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information, and require relevant staff to sign confidentiality agreements.
If all or part of the corporate online financial services provided by our bank cease operation, our relevant products or services will be notified to your company through announcements or other forms, and the collection of personal information of relevant individuals by relevant products or services will be stopped to protect the personal information security of relevant individuals. If all or part of the public network financial services are interrupted due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., our bank will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible.
At present, we have passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection. In terms of information security, our data center has met the requirements of ISO27001 certification standard and obtained the corresponding certification.
At the same time, please ensure that your company and related personnel properly keep their account login names, identity information, and other authentication elements (including passwords, digital certificates, K treasure, etc.). Please ask relevant personnel to use complex passwords to assist your company in ensuring account security. When your company uses our services, we will identify the identity of relevant individuals through their login names and other identity elements. Once the aforementioned information is leaked, your company and related parties may suffer losses and may have adverse legal consequences for your company and related parties. If your company and related personnel discover that the account login name and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact our bank immediately so that we can take corresponding measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, our bank will promptly take effective remedial measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to prevent the security incident from expanding. Our bank will promptly inform your company or relevant personnel of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, and/or push notifications. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, our bank will adopt reasonable and effective methods to issue announcements. At the same time, our bank will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
We will not provide personal information of relevant individuals to companies, organizations, and individuals outside of our bank, except in the following circumstances:
After obtaining authorization or consent from your company or relevant personnel, our bank will provide personal information of relevant personnel within the scope of your company's authorization to the third party agreed upon by your company.
If our bank needs to provide personal information of relevant individuals for any business other than those disclosed in this policy, we will comply with the relevant regulations
In accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, clearly inform your company or relevant personnel of the relevant information provided, and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel.
Common scenarios for providing personal information include:
If your company refuses our bank to provide the necessary personal information collected by our bank for providing services to our partners, it may result in your company being unable to use the services provided by our bank. For example:
Provide to issuers who sell financial products through agents.
Personal identity information, personal property information, personal account information, financial product transaction information
The personal information of personnel related to your company may be shared within our various operating institutions and subsidiaries of the Agricultural Bank of China group. We will only provide necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this policy. The scope of providing personal information will depend on the specific business situation, including submitting statistical information to regulatory authorities as required, and based on the needs of the group's risk management and anti money laundering and anti fraud purposes, providing personal identity information of relevant personnel within our bank's various operating institutions and Agricultural Bank of China Group subsidiaries. At that time, our bank will comply with legal requirements and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel in accordance with the law.
Our bank will only provide personal information of relevant individuals to the public for legal, legitimate, necessary, and clear purposes. During the cooperation process, our bank will strictly control the behavior and permissions of our partners, and prevent data abuse or leakage risks through encrypted transmission, secure isolation, permission control, monitoring and alarm, and de identification. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle their personal information in accordance with our bank's instructions, this privacy policy, and other relevant confidentiality and security measures. At that time, our bank will inform your company or relevant personnel of the relevant rules for providing information in accordance with the law, and obtain authorization and consent from your company or relevant personnel in accordance with the law.
We will not transfer the personal information of relevant individuals to other companies, organizations, or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
Our bank will only publicly disclose the personal information of relevant individuals in the following situations:
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, we may provide, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information of relevant individuals in the following situations without the need for prior authorization and consent from your company:
If our bank provides, transfers, or discloses personal information that has been publicly disclosed by relevant individuals and has a significant impact on their personal rights and interests, our bank will comply with the law.
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions in our country, our bank guarantees that relevant individuals can exercise the following rights regarding their personal information:
Type of ID, ID number, contact phone number
Password, bind phone number
The relevant personnel of your company can learn about the consultation or make a request for copying information through our 95599 customer service hotline, go to our business outlets, or follow the "Agricultural Bank of China Cloud Customer Service" WeChat official account and click "My Customer Service". In the credit card business, relevant parties can request to copy information through our bank's customer service hotline 4006495599 or branches.
ID number and contact phone number
After the relevant personnel successfully correct and update their personal information on the enterprise's online banking, the enterprise's mobile banking will synchronously update the relevant information.
In the following situations, relevant parties may request the deletion of personal information through our branch:
Your company can request the withdrawal of personal information of relevant individuals or the authorization and consent to this privacy policy by calling our customer service hotline 95599, visiting our business outlets, or other means.
In the enterprise mobile banking system, your company or related parties can revoke their authorization to use their facial information under functions such as review sending, certificate download activation, credit authorization, account opening, and platform identity authentication through the "Privacy" - "Revocation Authorization Function".
In the credit card merchant business, your company or related personnel can also submit information withdrawal applications through our bank's merchant customer service hotline 4006495599 or branches. After withdrawing consent, our bank will no longer process the personal information of relevant individuals. However, the decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on the consent of your company or related parties.
In some corporate transactions directly involving relevant parties, they are free to choose whether to accept the collection of their personal information by corporate online banking. In enterprise mobile banking, relevant personnel can enable or disable the corresponding location service permissions, device information reading permissions, and phone call permissions in the permission management of mobile phone settings.
If relevant parties want to cancel the enterprise online banking, they can apply at our bank branch.
Please note that the cancellation of corporate online banking by relevant parties is irreversible. Once the relevant parties cancel their corporate online banking, the corporate mobile banking will be cancelled simultaneously, and we will delete the signing information of the corporate online banking and corporate mobile banking channels of the relevant parties. Unless otherwise specified by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies regarding the storage time of personal information.
Please note that our online channel registered users cannot cancel their corporate online banking or mobile banking by simply closing the corporate online banking page, uninstalling or stopping the use of the corporate mobile banking client. All information related to your company or related parties' corporate online banking or mobile banking will not be deleted. Your company still needs to cancel our bank account in order to achieve the above objectives.
To ensure safety, relevant personnel may need to provide written requests and authorization letters through your company. Our bank may first require your company to verify the identity of the relevant personnel;
In the following situations, we may not be able to respond to requests from relevant parties in accordance with laws, regulations, or regulatory requirements:
Please note that if our bank decides not to respond to requests from relevant parties, we will inform your company or relevant parties of the reasons for this decision and provide a channel for complaints.
Our company's corporate products, websites, and services are mainly aimed at enterprises, institutions, etc. Minors are not allowed to create our company's corporate accounts, but some businesses (such as corporate online banking payment) may involve collecting information from minors. If our bank discovers that personal data of minors has been collected in corporate business without obtaining parental consent in advance, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
According to changes in national laws and regulations and service operation needs, our bank needs to revise this Privacy Policy (Public Version) and related rules from time to time
Ronghui will announce the updated version through our official website, branches, enterprise financial service platform and other channels, and notify you through reasonable means such as website announcements and APP push notifications, so that you can timely understand the latest content of this policy. Without your explicit consent, our bank will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this policy. Please keep an eye on changes in relevant announcements, reminders, agreements, rules, and other related content from time to time.
For significant changes, our bank will also provide more prominent notifications (including app push notifications, email/SMS notifications, etc.).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
Your company is aware and confirms that if your company or related parties do not agree with the updated content, they should immediately stop using the corresponding services and cancel the relevant accounts. Our bank will stop collecting personal information from related parties; If your company continues to use the service, it will be deemed that your company and related parties agree to accept the updated content. In order for your company to receive notifications in a timely manner, it is recommended that you notify us promptly when your contact information is updated. When there are changes in the relevant personnel of your company, it is recommended that your company promptly contact our bank to update personnel information and ensure that the relevant personnel fully read and understand the content of this Privacy Policy (Public Version).
If your company or related parties have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us through the following methods:
E-mail: 95599@abchina.com
Credit Card Customer Service Hotline: 4006695599
Agricultural Bank of China Merchant Customer Service Hotline: 4006495599
WeChat official account (debit card): Agricultural Bank of China WeChat/Agricultural Bank of China Cloud Customer Service
WeChat official account (merchant): ABC merchant service
Our full name is Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Registered address: No. 69 Jianguomen Inner Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
If your company or related parties are not satisfied with our response, especially if your company or related parties believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed the legitimate rights and interests of your company or related parties, your company or related parties also have the right to file a lawsuit with relevant departments such as consumer rights protection organizations.
Updated on January 30th, 2024
Effective date: January 30, 2024
Dear customer: Our bank has updated the Privacy Policy (Personal Edition) of Agricultural Bank of China Limited, which mainly includes: 1. How our bank collects and uses your personal information; 2. How can we provide your personal information to external parties; 3. How do you access and manage your personal information.
We will explain to you the relevant matters of personal information processing through this policy, and the key points are as follows:
This Privacy Policy (Personal Version) (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") is a general privacy policy uniformly used by our bank, which applies to our products and services targeting individual customers. Regarding specific products (or services), the purpose, method, scope, and retention period of our collection and use of your personal information can also be clearly stated to you through corresponding product (or service) agreements, authorization letters, etc., and we have obtained your consent or separate consent in accordance with the law. The above documents, together with this Privacy Policy (Personal Version), constitute the complete privacy policy of our bank for individual customer products and services; If there is any inconsistency between the specific product or service agreement, authorization letter, etc. and the content of this policy, the specific product or service agreement, authorization letter, etc. shall prevail.
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy (Personal Version) before clicking or selecting "Agree" to ensure that you are fully aware of and understand its contents (especially the meaning of the highlighted content) and the corresponding legal consequences. By clicking or selecting 'Agree', you are deemed to have accepted this Privacy Policy (Personal Version). Our bank will use and protect your personal information in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and this policy.
If you would like to learn more detailed information, please read the corresponding chapter according to the following index:
ID number, personal biometric information
Communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.
Sensitive personal information includes: ID number, biometric information, financial accounts, communication records and content, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, medical and health information, transaction information, specific identities, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. Among them, personal biometric information includes personal genes, fingerprints, voiceprints, palm prints, earlobes, irises, facial recognition features, etc.
When you use our related products or services, we may collect and use personal information that you voluntarily provide or generate as a result of using our related products or services, as well as personal information that is lawfully collected from third parties in accordance with laws and regulations or your authorized consent, for the purposes described in this policy. We will not process your personal information beyond the purpose and scope authorized or agreed upon by you. If we need to collect additional personal information from you, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent before collecting it.
If the business processing involves sensitive personal information, our bank will inform you of the necessity of processing sensitive personal information and the impact on personal rights in accordance with legal provisions, and obtain your separate consent in accordance with the law.
If our bank needs to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, we will fully inform you of the purpose, method, and scope of information collection and use in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, and seek your consent again. If our bank needs to use your personal information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will also seek your consent in advance.
Address of domicile or workplace, contact information, type, number, and validity period of identity documents or identification documents.
If you refuse, you will not be able to use the relevant services; If you do not use the relevant products and services, our bank will not actively collect your personal information.
Please note: If you are providing personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained authorization or consent from the relevant personal information subject.
Electronic banking services
Identity document information.
Mobile phone number
Identity document information
Fingerprint recognition information.
Bank card number, payment password, bank reserved mobile phone number
identity
ID number, identification document information, and communication information.
Certificate type, certificate number, certificate issuance date, certificate expiration date
Taxpayer identification number
ID number, mobile phone number
phone number,
Mobile phone number, account balance,
Debit card number,
Mobile phone number, name, account
Account information, ID card number, identity information and communication information
ID card number and ID card information
Payer's account
Recipient's account
Name, account, ID type, ID number, mobile phone number
Current residential address, permanent residence address
ID type and ID number
Validity period of ID card and location of issuing authority.
Including educational level, educational background, degree, employer, industry type, occupation, position, professional title, current work experience, and previous work experience.
Bank account, credit records, transaction and consumption records, household income and expenditure information (household annual income, household annual operating income, household other income, household annual expenditure, household annual operating expenditure, household living expenditure information), household asset liability information (real estate, farmhouses, automobiles, machinery and equipment, farmland, biological assets, financial assets, inventory, other assets and our bank loans, other bank loans, private loans, external guarantees, other liability information), household business project information (planting, breeding, non breeding industry operation information), authentication information (information used to verify whether you have access or use permissions, including bank card passwords, login passwords, account query passwords, transaction passwords, dynamic passwords, SMS verification codes, password prompt question answers, etc.)).
Family income and expenditure information includes monthly total income, applicant's annual income, monthly salary income, monthly operating income, other monthly income, applicant's spouse's monthly salary income, monthly operating income, other monthly income, income flow records, and deposit information; The total monthly debt expenditure of the family, the monthly repayment expenditure of the applicant, the monthly repayment expenditure of the applicant's spouse, other monthly debt expenditures of the family, the number of people supported by the family, and the total amount of external guarantees provided by the family.
Personal mobile banking operation records, personal commonly used device information, and personal location information.
Personal information subject account
Personal information subject operation records stored through logs
Include information on spouse, other family members, co applicants/borrowers (and spouses). The scope of collecting personal information from the aforementioned individuals will not exceed the scope of personal information collected from you under this service.
Loan purpose, loan type, loan amount, guaranteed loan amount, credit loan amount, loan interest rate information, loan term, repayment method, repayment period, whether to apply for revolving credit limit, revolving credit limit amount, revolving credit limit validity period, whether self revolving credit limit has been applied for, and the amount of self revolving credit limit.
My family (including myself, spouse, and minor children) currently has the number of housing units, whether they have a housing provident fund combination loan, and the amount of housing provident fund loan.
To apply for a housing revolving loan, it is necessary to collect the name of the original loan bank, the initial loan amount, and the remaining balance of the loan.
Phone number, rental status, property address, property nature, property ownership certificate number, building area, purchase contract number, total purchase price, down payment amount, and purpose of purchase.
Type of ID card, ID number, contact phone number, address of the house, nature of the house, certificate number of property rights, and building area of the house.
If the vehicle purchased with a loan is set as collateral, the vehicle brand, total price, and down payment must be collected.
ID type, ID number, contact phone number
Phone number, name of collateral, and value of collateral.
If guaranteed by a legal entity, the name of the legal entity, type of guarantee, mailing address, postal code, contact phone number, business registration information, and other information required to be collected in accordance with the Privacy Policy of Agricultural Bank of China Limited (Public Version) shall be collected.
ID type, ID number
Name of invested or operated enterprise, shareholding ratio, years of operation in this industry and similar industries
Home phone number, mobile phone number
The income and expenditure of the guarantor's family: monthly income of the family, monthly salary income of the guarantor, monthly operating income, other monthly income, monthly salary income of the guarantor's spouse, monthly operating income, other monthly income, total monthly debt expenditure of the family, monthly repayment expenditure of the guarantor, monthly repayment expenditure of the guarantor's spouse, other monthly debt expenditure of the family, number of people supported by the family, and total amount of external guarantees provided by the family.
Credit information, provident fund payment status, personal tax information, medical insurance payment status, judicial litigation information, whether included in the list of dishonest persons subject to enforcement, insurance information, business information, negative list information.
Loan repayment status.
Mobile phone number, ID card number and ID card information
ID information, identity information, and communication information.
ID information and mobile phone number.
Account number, amount, source of funds or purpose of withdrawal, mobile phone number, and
ID type and ID number, fingerprint, identity information, account information,
Deposit and withdrawal transaction records
ID type, ID number, ID validity period
Contact information, email
Individual annual income, household annual income
Financial account number and name
The insured's height and weight.
Financial situation
Account information, identity information, identification information, and property information;
Family financial net assets, account information, identity information, identification information, and property information.
ID card number.
Mobile phone number or phone number;
phone number.
ID card number and ID card information, mobile phone number
Communication information.
ID type, ID number, mobile phone number, bank card number, location information, ID information, identity information
Contact address, mobile phone number or phone number
Mobile phone number, email address
Information of the insured and beneficiary. Insured and beneficiary information
ID type, ID number, ID validity period, mobile phone number
ID card information (including ID number, ID type, ID validity period, front and back photos), telephone information
Residential condition, home address
Email address, financial account information
Bank card number or account number
Financial transaction information (including transaction amount)
Payment records, transaction vouchers, POS acquiring vouchers, and property information（
Including personal and household income and expenditure information, asset information, property information, commercial insurance information, vehicle information), loan information, public utility payment information (including tax information, housing provident fund, social security information), credit information, judicial arbitration information (including litigation or arbitration information, dishonest debtor information, restricted consumption information, asset seizure, detention or compulsory execution situation, personal bankruptcy information), and other information that can evaluate and reflect your credit and risk status (including administrative penalty information, business information, default information)
ID card information (including ID number, ID type, ID validity period, photos of both sides of the ID card), credit card number, and image of the main qualification authentication certificate.
ID card information (including ID number, ID type, ID validity period, and photos of both sides of the ID card)
Credit card information (including card number
ID card number, mobile phone number
Collection account.
Mobile phone number, contact address
Name, credit card number, debit card number
Mobile phone number, bank card number.
Contact information, contact address, ID type, ID number, property information, itinerary information
Identity information, ID type, ID number, front and back images of ID, bank card number/account number, mobile phone number, property information, communication information, fingerprint image, signature handwriting,
If you refuse to provide the information required for a certain function or service, you may not be able to use that part of the function or service, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of the "Super Counter". Specifically, as follows:
User information,
Certificate type, certificate number, validity period
Front and back images of identification documents
Fingerprint image, signature handwriting
ID type/ID number,
Recipient's account number and name
Payment records, credit card billing information
Credit card transaction information
Loan information, property information
ID number,
Geographic location information.
Location information,
Communication information,
In order to meet the basic requirements of laws and regulations and provide services, ensure the security of your account and system operation, and more accurately prevent phishing website fraud, we will collect the following information generated by you during the use of our services to determine your account risks, control credit risks, ensure that we can provide you with normal services, analyze system problems of our bank, count traffic, and investigate when you choose to send us abnormal information. These pieces of information include:
Transaction amount, transaction date, transaction time, transaction currency, transaction card number, transaction type, transaction terminal, transaction result, identification information
Historical search records,
Software Development Kit (SDK) refers to a collection of development tools used by software engineers to create application software for specific software packages, software frameworks, hardware platforms, operating systems, etc. In order to provide you with better services, our personal mobile banking platform has embedded some third-party SDKs, which will collect your personal information in the following scenarios of using personal mobile banking.
Gaode Open Platform Positioning SDK
Location information (latitude and longitude, precise location, rough location) [obtained through IP address, GNSS information, WiFi status, WiFi parameters, WiFi list, SSID, BSSID, base station information, signal strength information, Bluetooth information, sensor information (vector, acceleration, pressure), device signal strength information, external storage directory], device identification information (IMEI, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID, MEID, MAC address, etc.] OAID、IMSI、ICCID、 Hardware serial number, current application information (application name, application version number), device parameters, and system information (system properties, device model, operating system, operator information).
Baidu Positioning SDK
Provide positioning functions and services for end users
Internal data collection component
Mobile number transparent transmission authentication component
Mobile phone number, mobile operator authentication information, IMSI, Android ID
Chongqing Smooth Card Recharge SDK
Transportation card recharge component
Provide Chongqing Tongtong Card holders with self-service online recharge of public transportation cards through mobile NFC function or offline shared Bluetooth devices
Camera, phone, location permissions
Customer Manager SDK
Internal Customer Manager Component
Customer service, marketing communication
Interaction Center Component
Electronic Social Security Card SDK
Electronic social security card component
Electronic social security card application, status inquiry, payment settlement, social security information inquiry, etc
Face image information, ID card information, mobile phone number, ID number number, social security card number, bank card number
Baidu voice recognition, facial recognition, ID card OCR, bank card OCR
Provide voice recognition, facial recognition, ID card recognition, and bank card number recognition functions
Customer number, ID card information, bank card number, voice recognition information, facial information
Recording and camera permissions
Online customer service component
Mobile phone number, location information, transaction ID, customer gender, session ID
Alibaba Device Identification SDK
In order to accurately locate and analyze problems
Message push component
Phone model IMSI、Android ID、 International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)
Fingerprint Authentication SDK (Android only)
Verify fingerprint information
Mobile Shield Authentication Component
Based on Huawei smartphones with specific security chips and independent systems, provide information authentication services for mobile account related transactions
Mainly for device information, including chip type, seid, mobile device model, emui version, device manufacturer, AndroidID, Android version, CPU type
Components related to ride codes
Provide UnionPay ride code service
Network permissions, change configuration permissions
Lingxi speech recognition related components
ID Card Cloud Decoding SDK
Components related to cloud decoding of ID cards
ID card information
Facial recognition related components
Mobile number authentication
Mobile Number Authentication SDK (Mobile)
Provide mobile phone number authentication and one click login function for logging in and activating services.
Application package name and signature, IP information, system type, system version, device manufacturer, phone model, SIM card operator information, network type
Mobile Number Authentication SDK (China Unicom)
Mobile Number Authentication SDK (Telecom)
In order to provide users with bicycle unlocking/unlocking services and location services
Location information (latitude and longitude, precise location, rough location), Bluetooth information
Location permission, storage permission, Bluetooth permission, camera permission during QR code scanning
Terminal security monitoring
Mobile Terminal Security Monitoring SDK
Used to determine the security of the mobile device on which the current APP is running, prevent malicious users from conducting network security attacks on the APP, and protect the safety of users' property
Access precise location permission, access rough location permission, read phone permission, and view network status permission
In order to provide CTID network certification services to users
Device information [including device identification information (Android ID, UDID), system information (operating system version, device brand and model, device configuration), and application information (application package name)]
Authentication SDK
Internal facial recognition component
Face recognition transfer appointment for account opening
Facial image information
Baidu SDK
Provide value-added services such as voice, facial recognition, OCR, etc
Beijing Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co., Ltd. https://www.baidu.com/duty/yinsiquan-policy.html
Facial image information, card number, and identity document information
Camera permission, microphone permission
WeChat login sharing SDK
Reply inquiry WeChat sharing
WeChat avatar and nickname information
Static scanning SDK
Receipt verification, QR code scanning function
Opening and recharging of Yangchengtong electronic card. Yangchengtong physical card recharge
Mobile phone number, customer registration information
Southern Sky ID card, bank card SDk
Provide ID card recognition and information extraction
Camera permission, read-write permission
Hardware Wallet SDK
Provide hardware wallet and client interaction capabilities
Location permission, Bluetooth permission, NFC
In certain scenarios or services, our personal mobile banking and Agricultural Bank of China credit card mini programs may invoke some of your device permissions (see table below). We will obtain your consent separately in the form of a pop-up window before invoking the corresponding permissions for the first time. You can choose to disable some or all permissions in the device settings function to refuse our collection of corresponding personal information.
Retrieve device permissions
Application scenarios/services
Purpose of calling permissions
The impact of disabling/denying permission access
Convenient for you to input your recharge phone number
Need to manually enter the recharge phone number
Facial recognition, scanning, bank card recognition, ID card recognition, registration, credit card application (including main and supplementary card applications), Le Fen Yi application (including scene Le Fen Yi), special installment application (car/home decoration/parking space/education), credit card activation, ETC application
Facial recognition for identity verification, scanning QR codes, bank card recognition, ID card recognition, verifying identity, and preventing fraudulent applications
Calling facial recognition transactions, scanning, bank card recognition, ID card recognition and other applications cannot be used
Convenient for you to use audio K treasure and voice search function
Push notifications (for IOS users only)
Push you information
Unable to receive push messages from our bank normally
Bluetooth shield and wireless payment password device cannot be used, Chongqing Citizen Pass transportation card cannot be connected, and hardware wallet devices cannot be connected
Application upgrade, scanning, cloud flash payment, QR code payment, and responding to user screenshots
Identify local album images and save them to the album
The functions of application upgrade, scanning to recognize local album images, and saving images to the album cannot be used, and users cannot call online customer service for screenshots
Login, message push, data collection and analysis
Obtain device identification code to ensure the security of account login
Unable to obtain device identification code. For some existing customers, there may be a need to reactivate when logging in.
Used to obtain the network status of mobile phones and implement network request and file download strategies under different network states.
Retrieve the current running program
Used to determine whether it is an "online customer service" interface and whether a "contact customer service" small window pops up.
Unable to pop up the "Contact Customer Service" small window normally
Used to start message push service.
When the application is not launched, push messages cannot be received
Fingerprint login, fingerprint payment
Used for functions such as fingerprint recognition login and fingerprint recognition payment.
Unable to use fingerprint login and fingerprint payment function
Micro treasure hunt and transfer
Used for password recognition and quick transfer jump function.
Unable to copy password and bank card number
Nearby branches, discounted merchants, and lifestyle services
Get your geographical location information
Does not affect normal use, may not be able to provide location-based services
Chongqing Citizen Traffic Card Recharge, Hardware Wallet, Yangchengtong Traffic Card Recharge
Used to acquire NFC capabilities of devices and interact with NFC devices
Unable to connect devices through NFC capability
Install other applications within the app
The basic database of financial credit information of the People's Bank of China, public security and judicial authorities, tax authorities, market supervision and administration authorities, financial regulatory authorities, provident fund management agencies, social insurance management agencies, student status and education information management agencies, telecommunications operators or their authorized service agencies, relevant industry associations and self-discipline organizations, qualified credit service agencies and other third-party institutions with legal qualifications to provide relevant information query services to the outside world,
Credit information, public utility payment status (including provident fund information, social security information, etc.), tax payment status, loan situation, guarantee situation, account information, business information, transaction information, asset information, judicial arbitration information, business information, telecommunications information.
When you log in to Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account and Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat service applet, we will follow Tencent's authorization strategy to collect your avatar, nickname, openid, unionid, so as to provide you with services related to Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account and WeChat service applet. Your personal information generated and provided on the Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat official account and the Agricultural Bank of China's WeChat service applet will be collected and used by our bank in accordance with this policy. WeChat, as a developer, has promised not to collect, store, use or authorize others to use the aforementioned personal information for any purpose without authorization.
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, in the following exceptional circumstances, even without your consent, our bank may still collect and use your personal information:
If our bank collects or uses your publicly available personal information that has a significant impact on your personal rights and interests, we will obtain your consent in accordance with legal provisions. If we collect or use your personal information outside of the above circumstances, we will fully explain to you the purpose, purpose, content, and scope of collecting and using your relevant information, and obtain your consent or authorization in advance.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not mentioned in the above description and collects your information, we will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of the information collection to you through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., and obtain your consent.
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your choice.
But in order to provide you with cross-border business products or services, your personal information may need to be transferred overseas. In this case, our bank will comply with legal and regulatory regulations, inform you of the name or title of the overseas recipient, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information, and the methods and procedures for exercising legal rights against the overseas recipient, and obtain your separate consent in accordance with the law. Our bank will take effective measures to protect the security of your personal information, such as conducting security assessments in accordance with regulatory requirements before cross-border data transfer, and requiring overseas institutions to keep your information confidential through measures such as signing agreements and verification.
phone number:
Our bank has implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, copying, public disclosure, use, modification, transmission, damage or loss of data. For example, our bank will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Our bank will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Our bank will deploy access control mechanisms, strictly restrict access permissions, and systematically monitor information access and processing behavior to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And our bank will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information, and require relevant staff to sign confidentiality agreements.
If all or part of the electronic banking services provided by our bank cease operation, our relevant products or services will inform you through announcements or other forms, and at the same time, stop the collection of your personal information by related products or services, or delete or anonymize the personal information held to protect your personal information security. If all or part of the electronic banking business is interrupted due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., our bank will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible. If our bank goes bankrupt and there is no successor, we will delete the personal information we hold.
At the same time, please make sure to properly keep your account login name and other identity elements. Please use a complex password to assist our bank in ensuring the security of your account. When you use our services, we will identify your identity through your login name and other identity elements. Once you disclose the aforementioned information, you may suffer losses and may have adverse legal consequences. If you find that your account login name and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact our bank immediately so that we can take corresponding measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, our bank will promptly take effective remedial measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to prevent the security incident from expanding. Our bank will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, and/or push notifications. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, our bank will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, our bank will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
We will not provide your personal information to companies, organizations, or individuals outside of our bank, except in the following circumstances:
External provision under legal circumstances:
Providing your personal information to external parties is necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts to which you are a party, or for the performance of our legal obligations as defined by laws and administrative regulations. For example, to meet regulatory compliance, tax compliance, and other regulatory requirements that must be complied with, providing information to relevant departments (including money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery, corruption, tax evasion, fraud, etc.).
Provide to external parties with separate consent or authorization:
After obtaining your separate consent, our bank will provide personal information within the scope of your authorization to other parties.
If the business needs to provide your personal information to the outside world, our bank will inform you of the name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information of the recipient before providing it, and obtain your separate consent, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
If our bank needs to provide your personal information to external parties for any business other than those disclosed in this policy, we will, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, separately inform you of the relevant information provided and obtain your separate authorization or consent.
The common scenarios in which our bank provides personal information to external parties include:
If you refuse our bank and our partners to provide the necessary personal information collected by our bank for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the service at our bank. For example:
Provide to issuers selling financial products.
Personal identity information, personal property information (if required by the issuer), personal account information, financial product transaction information
This sharing is subject to the purposes stated in this policy, and the scope of providing personal information will depend on specific business situations,
Personal identification information and account information. Once the purpose of processing personal information is changed, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
Our bank will only act legally and legitimately
Provide your personal information for necessary and clear purposes. During the cooperation process, our bank will strictly control the behavior and permissions of our partners, and prevent data abuse or leakage risks through encrypted transmission, secure isolation, permission control, monitoring and alarm, and de identification. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle your personal information in accordance with our bank's instructions, this privacy policy, and other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Our bank will require our partners not to use the received personal information for any other purpose. If our bank discovers that the cooperating party violates legal and regulatory requirements or agrees with our bank to handle personal information, we will immediately require them to stop the relevant behavior and take or require them to take effective remedial measures (such as changing passwords, revoking permissions, disconnecting network connections, etc.) to control or eliminate the security risks faced by personal information; If necessary, our bank will terminate business relationships with relevant partners and require them to promptly delete personal information obtained from our bank. If you refuse to allow our partner to share with us the personal information we collect necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the service at our bank
If our bank violates laws and regulations or violates our agreement with you by providing or transferring your personal information to our partners, and you request to delete the relevant information, our bank will immediately stop providing or transferring the information and notify the third party to delete it in a timely manner.
Our bank will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
If our bank violates laws and regulations or violates our agreement with you to publicly disclose your personal information, and you request to stop the disclosure, our bank will immediately stop the disclosure and issue a notice requiring the relevant recipient to delete the corresponding information.
According to relevant laws and administrative regulations, we may provide, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information in the following situations without obtaining your prior authorization and consent:
If our bank provides, transfers, or discloses your publicly available personal information that has a significant impact on your personal rights and interests, we will obtain your consent in accordance with legal provisions.
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions in our country, our bank guarantees your right to exercise your personal information. We will reply or respond to your request for the following rights within 15 working days:
Marital status
Mobile phone number registered by Zhangyin
Contact address, personal tax status
ID type, ID validity period, email address, contact address
If you find any errors in the processing of your personal information, you have the right to request us to make corrections. Similarly, if you wish to update your personal information, you can also update some of your personal information through electronic channels. Before you modify your personal information, we will verify your identity. The specific modification channels are as follows:
Email, landline phone, contact address
In the Agricultural Bank of China WeChat official account and the Agricultural Bank of China applet, you can modify the binding relationship between your WeChat ID and Palm Bank identity through "My Account - Switch Account Login".
In the Agricultural Bank of China credit card and credit card WeChat mini program, you can modify the binding relationship between your WeChat ID and the credit card held by our bank through the "associated service number".
Please note that as your information in the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall is not associated with your personal information on Zhangyin, modifying some of your personal information through personal Zhangyin does not necessarily mean modifying your information in the Precious Metals Mall and Xingnong Mall.
Mobile phone number, landline phone number
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information through our branch:
Email, landline phone
In personal mobile banking, our bank will prompt you during client initialization whether to grant relevant authorization. You can freely choose whether to accept it and provide you with a method to withdraw your authorization to collect and use personal information.
You have the right to revoke our bank's authorization based on your consent to process relevant personal information. For example, you can withdraw your authorization to share your personal information and process your facial recognition information with third-party institutions through our personal mobile banking channel by following "My Settings Authorization Management". You can also withdraw your authorization to process your facial information by visiting our bank's branch, or withdraw your authorization to provide information for our credit card business through our bank's credit card customer service hotline. In addition, you can also request to withdraw your authorization through our 95599 customer service hotline, online customer service, etc. Please note that this policy covers the collection and use of your personal information through the core functions of our main online and offline service channels. After you terminate the contract with each account of our bank, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your consent to this policy of our bank. After you withdraw your authorization, our bank will no longer process your corresponding personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations; At the same time, revoking authorization does not affect the effectiveness of personal information processing activities that have been carried out based on your authorization before revocation. Based on the needs of conducting business, your withdrawal of consent may affect the service functions of the relevant channels you use.
You can grant or revoke your authorization and consent at any time by enabling or disabling location service permissions, reading contact permissions, making phone calls, etc. based on the different brands and models of your mobile phone.
In personal mobile banking, if you need to turn off the targeted push function, you can go to "Home - Messages - Settings - Discount Messages", slide the right button to turn off the targeted push discount message service.
Operation information, transaction information
If you cancel our second and third category electronic accounts, you can choose personal mobile banking, personal online banking, or cancel at the branch. If you are a personal mobile banking user, you can cancel your second and third category electronic accounts through "My Account - Electronic Account Details - More - Cancel Account" on your personal mobile banking; If you are a personal online banking user, you can cancel your second and third category electronic accounts by going to "Account - My Account - Electronic Account - Account Management - Electronic Account Cancellation".
If your handheld bank does not bind an account or ID number number, you need to cancel our handheld bank. You can enter the mobile phone number verification code in the handheld bank through "My Settings Logout and Exit", and then you can cancel the handheld bank after verification. If your handheld bank has bound your account or ID number, you can go to our branch to cancel. If you cancel our online banking, you can go to the branch to handle the cancellation business.
Please note that you have cancelled your personal online banking channel
As it is irreversible, once you cancel your personal online banking channel, your personal mobile banking channel will be cancelled synchronously, and we will delete the channel signing information related to you in your personal online banking and personal mobile banking client. Unless otherwise specified by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies regarding the storage time of personal information.
Please note that when our online channel registered users only close the corporate online banking page, uninstall or stop using the personal mobile banking client, delete the applet, or delete the official account, they will not be able to log off your personal online banking or personal mobile banking channel, and the information about your personal online banking or mobile banking will not be deleted.
To ensure security, our bank may require you to provide a written request and verify your identity before processing your request. Please understand that our bank may refuse requests that are not currently supported by technological means and may pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others.
Despite the above agreement, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with laws, regulations or regulatory requirements in the following situations:
Please note that if our bank decides not to respond to your request, we will inform you of the reasons for this decision and provide you with a channel for complaint.
We expect parents or guardians to guide minors in using our services. Our bank will protect the confidentiality and security of personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.
If you are a minor, it is recommended that your parents or guardians read this policy and use our services or provide your personal information to our bank with their consent. If you are a minor under the age of 14, your personal information is considered sensitive personal information. Our bank will collect your personal information with the explicit consent of your parents or other guardians.
If you are the parent or guardian of a minor and have any questions about the processing of their personal information, please contact our bank through the contact information provided in Section 8 below.
According to changes in national laws and regulations and service operation needs, our bank needs to revise this policy and related rules from time to time. The revised content will be announced through our bank's portal website, personal mobile banking, personal online banking, branches and other channels, and will be notified to you through APP push notifications, pop-up prompts and other means, so that you can timely understand the latest content of this policy. Without your explicit consent, our bank will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this policy. Please keep an eye on changes in relevant announcements, reminders, agreements, rules, and other related content from time to time.
You acknowledge and confirm that if you do not agree with the updated content, you should immediately stop using the corresponding service and cancel the relevant account. Our bank will stop collecting your personal information; If you continue to use the service, it is deemed that you agree to accept the updated content. In order for you to receive notifications in a timely manner, we suggest that you notify us promptly when your contact information is updated.
If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us through the following methods:
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to file a complaint with relevant departments such as consumer rights protection organizations.
