Summary of Privacy Policy for MOOCs in Chinese Universities
NetEase Youdao Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (or "we" for short) attach great importance to protecting the personal information and privacy security of users ("you"), and hope that this summary can help you understand intuitively and concisely how we collect, use, process, and protect your personal information.
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
You need to provide your phone number, verification code, and create your account, username, and password.
We may conduct recommendation algorithm modeling, programmatic advertising recommendation algorithm modeling, user behavior analysis, and user profiling based on the information you provide us and the information we may directly or indirectly collect, in order to provide you with page displays and personalized content recommendations that better meet your needs. You can turn off personalized recommendations by logging in to China University MOOCAP - Privacy Settings - Personalized Course Recommendations.
To identify abnormal account status, understand product compatibility, and provide you with basic services such as browsing and searching, we may directly or indirectly collect and store information about the services you use and how you use them, and associate this information, including log information and device information. Please note that individual log information and device information cannot identify the identity of a natural person.
To improve the security of your use of our and our partners' services, protect your or other users' or the public's personal and property safety from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or China University MOOC service related agreement rules, we may collect, use or integrate your account information, transaction information, device information, log information, as well as personal information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or shared in accordance with the law, to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detection and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
Enable you to access and upload photos, images, or videos from your device, post comments/shares, and upload avatars using images from your album.
Enable you to practice your spoken language, reply to voice messages, comment on voice messages, and interact with live streams. Among these features, we will collect your recorded content to identify your specific needs.
To fully understand the personal information we obtain from users, you can click on the 'List of Personal Information Collection and Use for Chinese University MOOCs'.
To have a comprehensive understanding of the permission names, types, scenarios, and purposes for obtaining user devices, you can click on the "Instructions for Application and Use of China University MOOC Application Permissions".
2、 How do we share personal information
To provide you with specific services, we need to share or delegate your personal information necessary for the purpose of the services to our affiliated companies and other service providers. We will take necessary technical and management measures to protect your personal information.
You can click on the 'List of Third Party Sharing of Personal Information in Chinese University MOOCs' to view the collection and use of your personal information by third parties.
3、 How do we manage personal information
We provide you with a convenient way to manage your personal information. If you wish to inquire, correct, update, delete, revoke authorization and consent, cancel your account, obtain a copy of personal information, or appeal for automatic decision-making results, you can visit the relevant functional pages or contact us through the contact information specified in Article 10 of this policy.
4、 Children's privacy protection
If you are a child under the age of 14, please make sure to have your guardian carefully read the "China University MOOC Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice", and use our services or provide personal information to us with the consent of your guardian.
5、 How to contact us
If you have any complaints or reports regarding personal information security, or if you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this policy, your personal information, or privacy measures related to this policy or Chinese university MOOCs, please contact us: You can send an email to【 service@icourse163.org 】Contact online customer service or write a letter to the following address: [Personal Information Protection Manager of NetEase Youdao Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., No. 599 Wangshang Road, Binjiang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province (recipient), postcode: 310000].
China University MOOC Privacy Policy
Updated on May 23, 2022
Effective date: May 23, 2022
Welcome to use the products and services provided by 'China University MOOC'! Founded and operated by Hangzhou NetEase Critical Point Education Technology Company (or "we" for short), our registered address is Room 508, Building 4, No. 599 Wangshang Road, Changhe Street, Binjiang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province. We deeply understand the importance of personal information to you, and we solemnly promise to protect the personal information and privacy security of users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") who use our products and services (hereinafter referred to as "China University MOOC Services"). When you use China University MOOC services, we may collect and use your relevant personal information (or "personal information").
The Privacy Policy for Chinese University MOOCs (hereinafter referred to as "this Privacy Policy") applies to all Chinese University MOOC services we provide. When you use our China University MOOC service, you agree to accept this Privacy Policy. For users under the age of fourteen, please read this Privacy Policy and the China University MOOC Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice with the accompaniment of a legal guardian, and pay special attention to the terms of use for children. You can only use China University MOOC services with the consent of your guardian.
We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy the corresponding processing rules when collecting and using your personal information, as well as the ways we provide you with access, correction, deletion, and protection of this personal information, in order to better protect your rights and interests.
【 Special Reminder 】 Please read carefully before using China University MOOC services (children should read with their guardians)
）And understand this Privacy Policy and the China University MOOC Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice (especially the content highlighted in bold or underlined), in order to make appropriate choices. Once you use or continue to use our products or services after we update this Privacy Policy, it means that you agree to this Privacy Policy and consent to us collecting, using, storing, sharing, transferring, and disclosing your relevant personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
3、 Personal information that we may share, transfer, and disclose
4、 How do we retain, store, and protect the security of your personal information
5、 How to manage your personal information
6、 Third party services
7、 Children's privacy protection
8、 Notification and Revision
9、 Legal Application and Jurisdiction
10、 How to contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
We collect your personal information mainly for you and other users to use China University MOOC services more easily and satisfactorily. And these personal information help us achieve this goal.
（1） We will collect and obtain your personal information through the following channels:
1. The personal information you provided.
(1) When registering for an account or using China University MOOC services, you provide us with personal information and set a login password. If you only need to browse and learn about Chinese university MOOCs, you do not need to register an account or provide the above information. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functions of using Chinese university MOOCs;
(2) The shared personal information you provide to other parties through China University MOOC services, as well as the personal information stored when you use China University MOOC services.
Please note that if you disclose your personal information in the public areas visible to other users on China University MOOC services, or in your responses to information uploaded or published by others, this personal information may be collected and used by others. When you discover that others have improperly collected or used your personal information, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this Privacy Policy.
2. Your personal information shared by other parties. Namely, the shared personal information about you provided by other parties when using China University MOOC services.
3. We have obtained your personal information. When you use China University MOOC services, we collect, summarize, and record personal information.
（2） We will collect and use the following types of personal information from you for the following purposes:
1. Assist you in completing registration, login, and logout
In order for us to provide you with complete services for China University MOOCs, you need to log in (sensitive personal information) or provide a third-party account to log in to China University MOOCs, including your phone number, email address, and create your account, username, and password. If you only need to use the basic services of browsing, querying, and searching, you do not need to register as a MOOC user of Chinese universities and provide the above personal information.
During the registration, login, or subsequent use of China University MOOC services, if you provide additional personal information (including your nickname, avatar, gender, and personal signature), it will help us provide you with personalized recommendations and a better service experience. However, if you do not provide this personal information, it will not affect the basic functions of using China University MOOC services. If you do not need to use personalized recommendation services, you can turn them off in the China University MOOCAP account settings.
If you no longer use the China University MOOC service and meet the conditions stipulated in the service agreement and relevant national laws and regulations, we also provide the cancellation of your registered account. You can use a computer browser to access the China University MOOC homepage (icourse163. org), go to "Settings" - "Account Settings" in the upper right corner of the page, click "Cancel Account", follow the instructions to complete the account cancellation or submit a cancellation application through the contact information specified in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this Privacy Policy. After your account is cancelled or deleted, all service materials and data related to the China University MOOC service under the account will be deleted or anonymized, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
2. Implement identity authentication
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, or to meet the needs of user identity verification, ensuring system and service security, and other specific service functions, we may require you to provide real identity information (including name, ID card, contact information) and other account information in order to verify your identity, assist you in solving problems, or record the solutions and results of related issues. If you do not provide the above information, we may not be able to provide you with the relevant functions and services.
To achieve the purpose of identity authentication, you agree and authorize us to provide, query, and verify your aforementioned identity information to relevant identity authentication agencies (including personal credit reporting agencies and government departments) on our own or by entrusting third parties.
3. Maintain the normal operation of basic functions
During your use of our services, in order to identify abnormal account status, understand product compatibility, provide you with browsing and searching basic services, and maintain the normal operation of basic functions, we may automatically collect and store information about the services you use and how you use them, and associate this information, including:
(1) Log information: When you use our services, we may automatically collect detailed usage information of our services as relevant network logs for storage. The log information includes your login account, search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, network environment, language used, visit date and time, as well as your browsing history of web pages visited, push opening history, crash history, dwell time, refresh history, publishing history, follow, subscribe, bookmark, and share.
(2) Device information: We may receive and record device related information (including device identifiers) based on the specific permissions granted by you during software installation and use（
IMEI/
MAC/OPEN UDID, SIM card IMSI identification code, device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, package name, device settings, process and software list software and hardware feature information), Android
ID、IDFA、UUID、AAID、IDFV、OAID、MEID、UAID、Serial、 Information related to the location of the device (including IP)
Address, GPS location, and WLAN access point, Bluetooth, and base station sensor information that can provide relevant personal information.
At the same time, in order to collect the basic personal device information mentioned above, we will apply for permission to access your device information. We collect this information to provide you with our basic services and functions. If you refuse to provide the above permission, it may result in you being unable to use our products and services.
Please note that individual device information and log information cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we combine this type of non personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify this type of personal information. During the period of combined use, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
4. To provide you with goods or services
(1) Sharing and publishing of personal information: When you use China University MOOC services, upload and/or publish personal information, and engage in related activities (such as posting questions, speaking during course live broadcasts, sharing, and evaluating products/services), we will collect the personal information you upload, post, or form, and have the right to display your nickname, avatar, and published content.
(2) Delivery of goods or services: When you place an order for a specific product or service in our products or services, we will generate an order for you to purchase that product or service through the system. In some service projects, in order to facilitate the delivery of goods or services to you, you may need to provide the recipient's personal identification information, name, shipping address, postal code, recipient, contact phone number, and payment status information. If you refuse to provide such personal information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services. If you order goods or services for others through China University MOOC services, you need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser. Before providing us with the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorized consent. When you use China University MOOC service course services, we will record your personal learning information: your current learning stage, course learning progress, test results, and learning duration. We will use the above personal information to analyze your learning status and provide reference for you or our service optimization.
(3) To complete order payment, deliver goods or services, confirm transaction status, and provide after-sales and dispute resolution services to you, we will collect your account, order, transaction, payment, and logistics information related to the transaction progress through the trading partner, payment institution, and logistics company selected by you based on the exchange, or share your transaction information with the above service providers.
(4) Order Management: To display the order information of your account and protect your after-sales rights, China University MOOC will collect the order information, transaction and consumption records, and virtual property information generated during your use of China University MOOC for display to you and to facilitate your order management.
(5) Customer service and after-sales service: When you contact our customer service or use other user response functions (including submitting sales and after-sales applications, personal information protection complaints or suggestions, other customer complaints and demands), we may require you to provide necessary personal information to match and verify your user identity in order to ensure the security of your account and system. We may also keep your contact information (the other contact information you used when contacting us or provided to us voluntarily), your communication/call records and content with us, and other necessary information related to your needs, in order to contact you or assist you in resolving issues, or record the solutions and results of related issues.
5. We collect your personal information indirectly:
We may obtain your authorized personal information for sharing from management or third-party partners. We may obtain your authorized shared account personal information (avatar, nickname, login time) from third parties and bind your third-party account with your China University MOOC service account after you agree to this Privacy Policy, so that you can directly log in and use our products and/or services through the third-party account. We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and based on agreements with related parties or third-party partners, and on the premise that we are confident that the personal information provided by them is from a legitimate source.
6. Provide you with information display and push of goods or services
(1) Show and push products or services to you
Based on the information you provide to us, the information we may collect, and the information we indirectly collect about you (including your browsing and search history, device information, location information, order information, mobile phone number, personal information from your participation in China University MOOC online or offline activities and questionnaire surveys), we may combine one or more of the above information to conduct recommendation algorithm modeling, programmatic advertising recommendation algorithm modeling, user behavior analysis, and user profiling, in order to extract relevant features of your browsing, search preferences, behavior habits, and location information, in order to provide you with more suitable page display and personalized content recommendations. You can log in to China University MOOCs through 'Login'
Turn off personalized recommendations by selecting "APP Settings Personalized Recommendations". After closing, we will no longer recommend personalized content for you.
We may also send marketing messages to you via email, text message, phone, or other means based on feature tags, providing or promoting us or others
The following goods and services of the three parties:
Our and our affiliates' products and services, including online education services, language translation services, speech recognition and synthesis development platform services, intelligent hardware services, cloud application services, e-commerce, instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social networking services, payment services, application software and services, data management software and services, online advertising services, and other social media, entertainment, information, and communication software and services; And third-party goods and services, including Internet services, logistics services, banking and financial services, entertainment, books and other publication services, advertising services, points and incentive plans, as well as other goods and services that we think may be relevant to you.
(2) We are sending you a notification. We may send you service related notifications when necessary (such as when we suspend, change, or terminate a particular service due to system maintenance) for the purpose of user message notification, identity verification, security verification, and user experience research. In addition, we may also send you services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls.
If you do not wish to continue receiving our push messages, you can request us to stop pushing, for example, by following the SMS unsubscribe guidelines to stop sending promotional messages, or by setting up your mobile device to no longer receive our push messages; Except for situations where we send messages in accordance with legal regulations or the service agreement of Chinese university MOOCs.
7. To provide you with security protection
In order to improve the security of your use of our and our partners' services, protect your or other users' or the public's personal and property safety from infringement, better prevent security risks such as phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or China University MOOC service related agreement rules, we may collect, use, or integrate your account information, transaction information, device information, log information, and personal information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or shared in accordance with the law to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detection, and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
8. User Experience Improvement Plan
We hope to provide you with comprehensive products and services, so we will continuously improve our products and services. We may use the personal information collected through China University MOOC services to diagnose system problems and optimize product experience. The personal information collected when you use China University MOOC services may be used in our other services to provide you with specific content or display information related to you that is not commonly pushed; We may ask you to participate in a survey about MOOC services in Chinese universities to help us improve existing services or design new ones; Meanwhile, we may use your personal information for software updates. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned, we will obtain your consent through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, or other means in accordance with the law. During this process, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 of this policy on how to contact us.
9. Other uses
You understand and agree that after collecting your personal information, we may use technical means to de identify the data, and the de identified information will not be able to identify your identity. In this case, we have the right to use the de identified information to analyze and commercialize the user database without obtaining your consent separately.
Please note that if we want to use your personal information for purposes not specified in this policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned, we will ask for your consent in advance (confirmation of consent can be done by checking, pop ups, internal messages, emails, SMS). Once you agree, the additional use will be considered as part of this policy, and the additional personal information will also be subject to this policy.
10. Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws and regulations, collecting your personal information in the following situations does not require your authorization and consent:
(1) Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
(2) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
（5）
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests related to the life and property of personal information subjects or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
（6）
The personal information involved is disclosed by the personal information subject to the public on their own;
(7) Necessary for signing and fulfilling contracts according to the requirements of the personal information subject;
（8）
Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports and government information disclosure channels;
（9）
Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, including discovering and handling product or service failures;
11. You understand and agree that the China University MOOC service may require you to grant specific access permissions on your device to collect and use personal information related to these permissions. You can also click on the "Application and Usage Instructions for China University MOOC Application Permissions" to view and understand the name, type, acquisition scenario, and purpose information of your permissions obtained by the China University MOOC service. Specifically, as follows:
(1) We access your location information to provide you with page displays and product services that better meet your needs based on your location information, and to obtain your wireless network name when casting the screen;
(2) We access your mobile base station CellID or WiFi hotspot to obtain rough location latitude and longitude information, in order to implement the check-in and check-in function for class;
(3) We access your camera to grant you camera access
Enable you to use the camera for scanning codes, taking photos, logging in, making payments, uploading avatars using the "photo" function, taking and uploading pictures for photo evaluation or corresponding sharing, uploading course assignments/materials, watching videos, or interacting in course live broadcasts;
(4) We access your photo album to enable you to access and upload photos, images, or videos from your device, making it easier for you to choose images from the album to change your profile picture (while also requiring you to enable storage permissions to read the album content. If you do not agree to enable storage permissions, you will not be able to use the "Album" function to upload your profile picture, but you can use the "Photo" function to take photos and upload your profile picture by enabling camera permissions), post comments/shares, and upload assignments;
(5) We access your microphone to enable you to upload voice assignments, make voice comments, interact with customer service through voice, and provide voice teaching interaction for course recording services. In these functions, we collect your recording content to identify your specific needs;
(6) After you enable notification permission, it is to enable you to receive our course update reminders, live broadcast reminders, and instant communication messages between course instructors and you in a timely manner;
(7) We obtain your application list permission in order to push relevant service information to you, including mobile phone manufacturer push notifications, specific event reminders, and personalized content recommendations;;
(8) When you use the course services in China University MOOC services, video cache files may be generated. We will apply to access these video cache files in order to provide you with a smoother experience of our course services or to offer you offline course viewing and shared login functions;
(9) After you grant calendar access, we will collect your calendar information to provide you with course reminders;
(10) We access your device information to ensure the security of your information during screen casting, login, and page display, and to provide you with smoother page display and product services;
When you need to turn off this feature, most mobile devices will support your request. Please refer to or contact the service provider or manufacturer of your mobile device for specific methods. Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the collection and use of personal information previously conducted based on your authorization. To fully understand the personal information we obtain from users, you can click on the 'List of Personal Information Collection and Use for Chinese University MOOCs'.
For a comprehensive understanding of the permission name, type, scenario, and purpose of obtaining user devices, you can click
To provide you with specific services, we need to share or delegate your personal information necessary for the purpose of the services to our affiliated companies and other service providers. We will take necessary technical and management measures to protect your personal information.
We provide you with a convenient way to manage your personal information. If you wish to inquire, correct, update, delete, revoke authorization and consent, cancel your account, obtain a copy of personal information, or appeal for automatic decision-making results, you can visit the relevant functional pages or contact us through the contact information specified in Article 10 of this policy.
If you are a child under the age of 14, please make sure your guardian reads carefully
And use our services or provide us with personal information with the consent of your guardian.
If you have any complaints or reports regarding personal information security, or if you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this policy, your personal information, or privacy measures of Chinese university MOOCs, please contact us:
Contact online customer service or write to the following address
No. 599 Wangshang Road, Binjiang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province
Personal Information Protection Manager of NetEase Youdao Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Postal Code: 310000.
Welcome to use the products and services provided by 'China University MOOC'!
(or simply referred to as "we")
Our registered address for creation and operation is:
Room 508, Building 4, No. 599 Wangshang Road, Changhe Street, Binjiang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province
We are fully aware of the importance of personal information to you, and we solemnly promise to protect the personal information and privacy security of users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") who use our products and services (hereinafter referred to as "China University MOOC Services"). When you use China University MOOC services, we may collect and use your relevant personal information (or "personal information").
We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy the corresponding processing rules when collecting and using your personal information, as well as the ways we provide you with access, correction, deletion, and protection of this personal information, in order to better protect your rights and interests.
This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:
1. The personal information you provided.
If you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functions of using Chinese university MOOCs;
Please note that if you disclose your personal information in the public areas visible to other users on China University MOOC services, or in your responses to information uploaded or published by others, this personal information may be collected and used by others. When you discover that others have improperly collected or used your personal information, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this Privacy Policy.
2. Your personal information shared by other parties. Namely, the shared personal information about you provided by other parties when using China University MOOC services.
3. We have obtained your personal information. When you use China University MOOC services, we collect, summarize, and record personal information.
1. Assist you in completing registration, login, and logout
In order for us to provide you with complete services for Chinese university MOOCs, you need to
Login (sensitive personal information) or provide a third-party account to log in to China University MO
OC
This will help us provide you with personalized recommendations and a better service experience, but if you do not provide this personal information, it will not affect the basic functions of using China University MOOC services. If you do not need to use personalized recommendation services, you can turn them off in the MOOCAP account settings of Chinese universities.
After your account is cancelled or deleted, all service materials and data related to the China University MOOC service under the account will be deleted or anonymized, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
2. Implement identity authentication
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, or to meet the needs of user identity verification, ensuring system and service security, and other specific service functions,
）And other account information, in order to verify your identity, assist you in solving problems or record the solutions and results of related issues. If you do not provide the above information, we may not be able to provide you with the relevant functions and services.
To achieve the purpose of identity authentication,
3. Maintain the normal operation of basic functions
During your use of our services, in order to identify abnormal account status, understand product compatibility, provide you with browsing and searching basic services, and maintain the normal operation of basic functions, we may automatically collect and store information about the services you use and how you use them, and associate this information, including:
We may receive and record device related information (including device identifier (IMEI)) based on the specific permissions granted by you during software installation and use/
MAC/OPEN UDID, SIM card IMSI identification code, device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, package name, device settings, process and software list software and hardware feature information)
At the same time, in order to collect the basic personal device information mentioned above, we will apply for permission to access your device information. We collect this information to provide you with our basic services and functions. If you refuse to provide the above permission, it may result in you being unable to use our products and services.
Please note that individual device information and log information cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we combine this type of non personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify this type of personal information. During the period of combined use, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
4. To provide you with goods or services
. If you refuse to provide such personal information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services. If you order goods or services for others through China University MOOC services, you need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser.
Before providing us with the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorized consent. When you use China University MOOC service course services, we will record your personal learning information: your current learning stage, course learning progress, test results, and learning duration. We will use the above personal information to analyze your learning status and provide reference for you or our service optimization.
We will collect information related to your transaction progress through the trading partners, payment institutions, and logistics companies selected by you based on the exchange
Account, order, transaction, payment, logistics information
Order information, transaction and consumption records, virtual property information
Used to showcase to you and facilitate your order management.
When you contact our customer service or use other user response functions (including submitting after-sales applications, personal information protection complaints or suggestions, other customer complaints and demands),
In order to ensure the security of your account and system.
In order to contact you or assist you in resolving issues, or to record solutions and results for related problems.
5. We collect your personal information indirectly:
We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and based on agreements with related parties or third-party partners, and on the premise that we are confident that the personal information provided by them is from a legitimate source.
6. Provide you with information display and push of goods or services
Based on the information you provide to us, the information we may collect, and the information we indirectly collect from you (including
We may conduct recommendation algorithm modeling, programmatic advertising recommendation algorithm modeling, user behavior analysis, and user profiling based on the combination of one or more of the above information, in order to extract your
Browsing, search preferences, behavioral habits, location information
We may also send marketing messages to you via email, text message, phone or other means based on feature tags, providing or promoting our or third-party products and services as follows:
Our and our affiliates' products and services, including online education services, language translation services, speech recognition and synthesis development platform services, intelligent hardware services, cloud application services, e-commerce, instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social networking services, payment services, application software and services, data management software and services, online advertising services, and other social media, entertainment, information, and communication software and services; And third-party goods and services, including Internet services, logistics services, banking and financial services, entertainment, books and other publication services, advertising services, points and incentive plans, as well as other goods and services that we think may be relevant to you.
If you do not wish to continue receiving our push messages, you can request us to stop pushing, for example, by following the SMS unsubscribe guidelines to stop sending promotional messages, or by setting up your mobile device to no longer receive our push messages; Except for situations where we send messages in accordance with legal regulations or the service agreement of Chinese university MOOCs.
7. To provide you with security protection
To improve the security of your use of our services and those provided by our partners, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, and better prevent phishing websites
We may collect, use, or integrate your account information, transaction information, device information, log information, as well as personal information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or shared in accordance with the law to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, verify your identity, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law, in order to more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or China University MOOC service related agreement rules.
User Experience Improvement Plan
You understand and agree that after collecting your personal information, we may use technical means to de identify the data, and the de identified information will not be able to identify your identity. In this case, we have the right to use the de identified information to analyze and commercialize the user database without obtaining your consent separately.
10. Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws and regulations, collecting your personal information in the following situations does not require your authorization and consent:
When you need to turn off this feature, most mobile devices will support your request. Please refer to or contact the service provider or manufacturer of your mobile device for specific methods. Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the collection and use of personal information previously conducted based on your authorization.
12. Tips on sensitive personal information
Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, and is highly likely to cause damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The personal information provided by you or collected by us above may include your sensitive personal information, including bank account numbers, transaction and consumption records, virtual property information, system accounts, email addresses and their related passwords, phone numbers, web browsing records, and location information. Please be cautious and pay attention to sensitive personal information. You agree that we may process your sensitive personal information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
（1） COOKIES
We or our third-party partners may obtain and use your personal information through COOKIES, and store this personal information as log information.
By using COOKIES, we provide you with a simple and personalized online experience. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to benefit you. For example, to make the login process for Chinese university MOOCs faster, you can choose to store your username in a COOKIES. This way, it will be more convenient and efficient for you to log in to the services of Chinese university MOOCs next time. COOKIES can help us determine the pages and content you connect to, the time you spend on specific Chinese university MOOC services, and the Chinese university MOOC service you choose.
COOKIES enable us to serve you better and faster, and make your experience in Chinese university MOOC services more personalized. However, you should be able to control whether and how cookies are accepted by your browser. Please refer to the file attached to your browser for more personal information in this regard.
We and third-party partners may collect and use your personal information through COOKIES, and store that personal information.
We use our own cookies, which may be used for the following purposes:
(1) Remember your identity. COOKIES help us identify you as our registered user, or store your preferences or other personal information provided to us;
(2) Analyze your usage of our services. We can use COOKIES to understand what activities you are using Chinese university MOOC services for, or which services are most popular;
(3) Advertising optimization. COOKIES help us provide you with relevant advertisements based on your personal information, rather than conducting general advertising campaigns.
While using COOKIES for the above purposes, we may also aggregate non personally identifiable information collected through COOKIES and provide it to advertisers and other partners for analysis of how you and other users use China University MOOC services and for advertising purposes.
The service experience may also be affected, and some services may not function properly. Meanwhile, you will still receive advertisements, but their relevance to you will decrease.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to COOKIES or similar technologies, we will also use website beacons and pixel tags on our website. The email we send you may contain an address link to our website content. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and proactively improve our customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
3、 Personal information that we may share, transfer or disclose
（1） Sharing
You agree that we may share your personal information with our affiliates or related legal entities, as well as some business partners who cooperate with us (collectively referred to as "information recipients") in accordance with this policy. We will actively assist you in understanding the storage and use of personal information by the information recipient, as well as your rights to access, correct, delete, and cancel your account. We will not share your personal information with any third party other than the recipient without your consent, except in the following circumstances:
1. To achieve my goals
The sharing necessary for our services/functions. We may share your personal information with the information recipient to achieve the core functions or provide the services you need, including (1) providing corresponding order information to logistics service providers; (2) Share corresponding transaction order information and payment amount information with third-party payment institutions that provide payment services; (3) The sharing required by other suppliers, service providers, and business partners related to our services/features.
In order to facilitate the smooth operation of necessary/reasonable business, meet your requirements, fulfill our obligations in relevant user agreements or this policy, and exercise our rights or comply with legal requirements, we may need to share your information with some partners, including: (1) sharing with partners who provide data services (including data statistics, data analysis)
Log information and device information;
3. Necessary sharing with our affiliates. In order for us to provide you with consistent services based on a unified account system, as well as for you to manage, personalize recommendations, and ensure system and account security, your personal information may be necessary shared between us and our affiliates, including: (1) to help you save time and simplify the operation process, you can log in to some services without registering again after registering our NetEase mobile account/email account, and your account related information will be necessary shared within our and our affiliates' products; (2) In order to provide you with a consistent and personalized browsing and advertising experience on our and our affiliated products and/or services, you acknowledge and agree that your account information, device information, and related browsing data, which reflect your usage habits and preferences, may be shared with our affiliates.
But we will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this policy. If our affiliates change the purpose of using and processing personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
4. To achieve the purposes described in the first article of this Privacy Policy, "How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information";
5. Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights in this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we have reached with you;
6. The purpose of sharing with third-party partners who entrust us with promotion is to enable the commissioning party to understand the coverage and effectiveness of the promotion. For example, we can inform the client how many people have viewed their promotional information or purchased the client's products after seeing this information, or provide them with non personally identifiable statistical information to help them understand their audience or customers.
7. Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, we may exchange personal information with other companies and organizations in order to comply with the law, safeguard the interests, property or safety of us and our affiliates or partners, you or other Chinese university MOOC users, or the public, such as to prevent fraudulent and illegal activities and reduce credit risks. However, this does not include the sale, rental, sharing, or other disclosure of personal information for profit purposes in violation of the commitments made in this Privacy Policy.
8. Assist in resolving disputes or controversies between you and others based on your legitimate needs;
9. Provide your personal information at the lawful request of your guardian;
10. Provided in accordance with the individual service agreement (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents agreed upon with you;
11. Provided based on academic research;
12. Provided based on social and public interests that comply with laws and regulations.
We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Transfer
We will require new companies or organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
2. After obtaining your explicit consent or your clear indication to continue using the services provided by the new company, we will transfer your personal information to other parties.
（3） Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with industry standard security measures in place:
1. According to your needs, disclose the personal information you have specified in the disclosure method that you have explicitly agreed to;
2. In cases where it is necessary to provide your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your personal information based on the required type and disclosure method. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request to disclose personal information as mentioned above, we will require the recipient to provide corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that the personal information requested from us should be kept as transparent as possible within the scope permitted by law. We have carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they have legal basis and are limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legitimate rights.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
1. Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
Related to national security and defense security;
3. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Judicial or administrative law enforcement related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;
5. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests in life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
6. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
7. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, including legitimate news reports and channels for government information disclosure.
According to legal regulations, sharing and transferring personal information that has undergone de identification processing, while ensuring that the data recipient cannot recover and re identify the individual
The external sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of personal information that does not belong to the subject of personal information will not require separate notification and consent from you for the storage and processing of such data.
4、 How do we ensure the security of your personal information storage and protection
We only use the period necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy
Store within the shortest possible time frame
Your personal information.
For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. We will anonymize the user behavior logs involved in Chinese university MOOCs. Our criteria for determining the aforementioned deadline include:
1. Complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services provided by the platform to you;
3. Do you agree to a longer retention period;
4. Are there any other special agreements regarding retention periods;
5. The deadline stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities.
If we terminate our services or operations, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting your personal information. At the same time, we will comply with relevant laws and regulations and notify you in advance. We will delete or anonymize your personal information after the necessary period for the purposes stated in this policy, the expiration of the time limit required by laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, or after terminating our services or operations, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations, or regulatory authorities.
（2） The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China. Except for the following situations:
1. There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
2. Obtain your authorization and consent;
3. You use China University MOOC services and need to transfer your personal information overseas to complete the transaction;
In response to the above situation, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and national laws and regulations.
（3） We attach great importance to personal information security and have established a dedicated security team to take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information
1. Data security technical measures
We will adopt security measures that comply with industry standards, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information, and to avoid data damage or loss. Network services adopt various encryption technologies, including in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect your personal information, encrypt and store your personal information, and isolate it through isolation technology.
When using personal information, including personal information display and personal information association calculation, we will use various data anonymization techniques to enhance the security of personal information during use. Adopting strict data access control and multi factor authentication technology to protect personal information and prevent data from being used in violation of regulations.
2. Other security measures we take to protect personal information
(1) We manage and standardize the storage and use of personal information by establishing a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards.
(2) We implement comprehensive security controls on data through confidentiality agreements for personal information contacts, monitoring and auditing mechanisms.
(3) We will also hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness and security consciousness of the importance of protecting personal information.
(4) We only allow employees and partners of us and our affiliates who need to know this personal information to access your personal information, and have established strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. If these obligations are not fulfilled, legal responsibility may be pursued or our cooperation relationship may be suspended.
3. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the way email, instant messaging, social software or other service software communicates with other users cannot be determined whether it is fully encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and pay attention to protecting your personal information security.
4. We will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any personal information you send to us. If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of personal information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
（4） Security incident handling
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will also promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, SMS, phone, and push notifications. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Please understand that due to technological limitations and risk prevention limitations, even if we have tried our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of personal information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access China University MOOC services may encounter issues due to situations beyond our control.
5、 How to manage your personal information
We encourage you to update and modify your personal information to make it more accurate and effective, and we hope you understand,
You can manage your personal information through the following methods:
（1） Accessing your personal information
(including avatar, nickname, etc.)
You can log in to your mobile client account using the commonly used email address, gender, and personalized signature“
”Conduct a visit.
2. Order personal information: You can log in to "China University MOOC
APP "-" Account "-" My Orders "to view the status of all your orders; Log in to the "China University MOOC APP" - "Account" - "My Group Buying" to view the status of all your group buying orders.
Search history: You
You can log in to "China University MOOC
APP "-" Discovery "- Click on the search box to access your search history.
3. Search history: You can log in to "China University MOOC
APP "-" Discovery "- Click on the search box to access your search history.
4. Account voucher: You can log in to "China University MOOC
View your coupons separately under "APP" - "Account" - "My Coupons".
5. Account balance: You can log in to "China University MOOC
View your account balance separately under "APP" - "Account" - "My Account Balance".
（2） Correct or update your personal information
If you wish to edit your personal basic information in your account (including profile picture, nickname, frequently used email, gender, and personalized signature), you can log in to your mobile client account by logging in to the "China University MOOC
Modify "APP" - "Account" - "Personal Profile Settings".
（3） Delete your personal information
You can log in to your mobile client account and delete some basic personal information from your account by logging in to "China University MOOCAP" - "Account" - "Personal Information". When some personal information is deleted, we may require you to verify your identity to ensure the security of your personal information. You can also log in to "China University MOOC
APP "-" Discovery "-" Clear History "to delete your search history.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your authorization and consent;
3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
4. If we no longer provide you with MOOC services for Chinese universities.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible, requesting them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
（4） Change or revoke the scope of your authorization and consent
You can always choose whether to disclose personal information. Some personal information is necessary for using Chinese university MOOC services, but the provision of most other personal information is up to you to decide. You can change or revoke the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information by deleting personal information, disabling device functions, or logging out of your account.
After you revoke your authorization, we are unable to continue providing you with the services corresponding to the revocation of authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
（5） Cancel your account
If you no longer use China University MOOC services and meet the conditions stipulated in the service agreement and relevant national laws and regulations, you can log in to "China University MOOC
APP "-" Account "-" Settings "-" Account Center "-" Cancel/Delete Account "Submit an application to cancel a Chinese university MOOC account, or you can handle or operate it through" How to Contact Us ".
Normally, we will cancel your account within fifteen working days, and at that time, we will cease to provide you with China University MOOC services. After your account is cancelled or deleted, all service materials and data related to the China University MOOC service under the account will be deleted or anonymized, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
（6） Obtain a copy of personal information:
You can contact our customer service through email or send us a letter informing us that you would like to obtain a copy of your personal information. Generally, we will reply within fifteen days from the date of receiving your question.
（7） Automatic decision result appeal
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to contact us through the methods specified in Article 10 of this Privacy Policy to request an explanation or to file a complaint about the automatic decision-making results of the information system.
（8） Public and Sharing
Our multiple services allow you to publicly share your relevant information not only with your social network, but also with all users who use the service. For example, the personal information you upload or post in the public area visible to other users on Chinese university MOOC services,
（9） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
1. Related to our obligations under laws and regulations;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. We have sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests related to life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
7. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
8. Involving trade secrets.
6、 Third party
service
Chinese university MOOC services may be linked to social media or other services provided by third parties (including websites or other forms of services). include:
（1） You can use the "Share" button to share certain Chinese university MOOC service content with third-party services, or you can share third-party service content with Chinese university MOOC services. These features may collect your information (including your log information) and may install cookies on your computer to enable the normal operation of the aforementioned functions;
（2） We provide you with links through advertising or other means of our services, allowing you to link to third-party services or websites;
At present, the third-party service providers we access mainly include the following types:
(1) Used for advertising related services, including advertising display, advertising data monitoring/statistics;
(2) Used for message push function, including push notifications from mobile phone manufacturers and specific event reminders;
(3) Used for payment related services, including order payment, transaction behavior verification, revenue settlement, and payment information summary and statistics;
(4) Used to obtain device location permissions, collect device information, and log information with your consent;
(5) Used for third-party authorization services, including third-party account login and sharing relevant content to third-party products;
(6) Used to support product functional modules, including online live streaming, video playback, voice recognition, intelligent customer service, and content storage;
Some third-party SDKs or similar applications that we access may collect your personal information. If you use such services provided by third parties in our services, you agree that they will directly collect and process your information.
We will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of collecting personal information through such third-party services, require them to take protective measures for your personal information, and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
You can also choose to contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible. If the above free and open source SDKs suffer from personal information leakage and infringement of user rights, we will bear corresponding responsibilities.
As mentioned above, the service is operated by relevant third parties. Your use of such third-party services (including any personal information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third party's own terms of service and personal information protection statement (not this policy), and you need to carefully read its terms. We will only share your information for legitimate, necessary, and specific purposes. We will require them to fulfill relevant confidentiality obligations and take corresponding security measures.
7、 Children's privacy protection
And use our services or provide us with personal information with the consent of your guardian. We will protect children's personal information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. If the guardian discovers that the personal information of the child was filled in by the child themselves and needs to be modified or deleted, please feel free to contact us at any time.
8、 Notification and Change
In order to provide you with better services, we may modify the terms of this policy in a timely manner based on the updates of MOOC services in Chinese universities and relevant legal requirements. Such modifications constitute a part of this policy. We will announce any changes made to this policy on this page. If there are significant changes, or if such changes would result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you in a prominent position on the page (including website announcements, push notifications, pop ups, or other means) before the changes take effect. If the privacy protection guidelines for specific products and services change regarding the purpose, method, and type of personal information processing, your consent will be obtained again.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: 1. Significant changes in our service model. Including the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure. Including changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions;
3. The main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure have undergone significant changes;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. There have been significant changes in the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security;
6. Other important or potentially serious situations that may affect your personal rights occur.
Any modifications we make will prioritize your satisfaction. We encourage you to review our privacy policy every time you use China University MOOC services.
We may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such modifications shall form a part of this Privacy Policy. For significant changes, we will provide more prominent notice. If you do not agree with the change, you can choose to stop using China University MOOC services.
We may issue service related announcements when necessary, such as when we suspend a service due to system maintenance. You may not be able to cancel these service related announcements that are not promotional in nature.
Finally, you must have a confidentiality obligation regarding your account and password information. In any case, please be careful and keep it properly.
9、 Legal Application and Jurisdiction
If there is a dispute, both parties shall reach a consensus through consultation to resolve it; If the two parties are unable to resolve the dispute through consultation, they agree that the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC) shall conduct arbitration in Beijing, China, in accordance with the effective arbitration rules and applicable laws of CIETAC, and the arbitration shall be conducted by three arbitrators.
10、 How to contact us
We have established a dedicated department for personal information protection and a person in charge of personal information protection. If you have any complaints or reports about personal information security, or if you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this policy, your personal information, or privacy measures related to this policy or China University MOOCs, please contact us:
You can send an email to
NetEase Youdao Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd
Personal Information Protection Officer (Recipient), Postal Code: 310000. Normally,
We will verify your user identity after receiving your questions, opinions, or suggestions
It will be processed within fifteen days. If you are not satisfied with our handling, you can also file a complaint or report to the department responsible for personal information protection.
Open the app
