LePower Privacy Policy
Revision Date: August 16, 2023
Effective Date: August 17, 2023
[Introduction]
Welcome to use our products and services! We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to us. We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and take corresponding security protection measures, committed to protecting the security and controllability of your personal information. Based on this, the service provider Orange Lion Sports (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we") has formulated this "Le Power Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"/"this privacy policy") to help you fully understand how we collect, use, share, store and protect your personal information during your use of our products and services, as well as how you can manage your personal information, so that you can make appropriate choices better.
Before you start using our products and services, please carefully read and understand this policy, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline, to ensure that you fully understand and agree before starting to use. We will try our best to explain the professional vocabulary involved in this policy in concise and popular terms for your understanding. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through the contact information at the end of this policy.
You agree to the privacy policy, which means that you have understood the functions provided by the application and the necessary personal information required for the operation of the functions, and have given corresponding collection and use authorization. However, it does not mean that you have separately agreed to enable additional functions, process non essential personal information, and process sensitive personal information. We will seek your consent separately based on your actual usage situation.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 Scope of application
2、 Information Collection and Use
3、 Provide external information
4、 Your rights
5、 Storage of Information
6、 Policy updates
7、 Protection of Minors
8、 Contact Us
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
1、 Scope of application
This policy applies to all products and services provided by the Le Power App.
In addition to the information collection and use activities described in this policy, this privacy policy is the general content applicable to all products and/or services of the Le Power App. When you use any of our products and/or services, this privacy policy applies. However, if the product and/or service has a separate privacy clause/privacy agreement, the separate privacy clause/privacy agreement shall prevail; Any content not mentioned in the separate privacy policy/privacy agreement shall be subject to this privacy policy. However, please note that this privacy policy does not apply to the following situations:
1. The information collection/processing practices of third parties providing advertising services for our products and/or services;
2. Our products and/or services may contain or link to information or third-party services provided by third parties (including any third-party applications, websites, products, services, etc.), which are operated by third parties and your use of such information or services is not related to us. We kindly remind you that when using third-party information or services, you should pay attention to and carefully read the relevant user agreements and personal information protection policies displayed to you by the third party, and properly safeguard and carefully provide your personal information. This privacy policy only applies to the personal information we collect from you and does not apply to the collection of your personal information by any third party, as well as the services or information usage rules provided by any third party. We do not assume any responsibility for the collection, storage, and use of your personal information by any third party within the scope permitted by law.
2、 Information Collection and Use
When you use our products and/or services, the personal information we need/may need to collect and use includes the following two types:
1. In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products and/or services, you must authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or services normally;
2. To provide you with additional features of our products and/or services, you may choose to individually agree or disagree with the information we collect and use. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions normally or achieve the intended functional effects, which will not affect your use of our basic functions.
We would like to remind you that we are committed to creating a diverse range of products and services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, and the differences in specific product and/or service scope chosen by different users, the basic/additional functions and corresponding types and scope of personal information collected and used may vary. Please refer to the specific product and/or service functions.
We will provide you with various specific functional scenarios, including:
1. Help you become our member
(1) Membership Services
When you register as a member on the Le Power App and use our membership services, you can choose to verify your registration by binding your phone number, and you can also provide relevant network identification information (avatar, nickname, password) to help you complete the registration process. You can also choose to authorize login to log in.
Authorized login: We may obtain your third-party account information from a third party (such as Taobao account, Alipay account, WeChat account, Apple ID, etc.) according to your authorization, and bind it with your LeMoment account, so that you can directly log in and use our products and/or services through a third-party account. We will use your relevant information within the scope authorized by you. If you need to unbind the third-party account, please contact our customer service personnel for assistance.
(2) Account information display
If you already have a LePower account, we may display your personal information and related settings in the LePower App, including displaying your profile picture, personal information, binding phone numbers, binding third-party information, sports goals, WeChat rankings, device connections, etc. through the LePower App account. If you do not need to display, you can do so through“
Follow the relevant prompts on the 'My Settings' page to change the authorization settings. We will respect your choices regarding the account settings of the Le Power App.
At the same time, in order to facilitate your enjoyment of the service benefits of the Le Power App, we will share your personal information, including user information (avatar, nickname, region and gender), exercise tools (steps, distance, energy consumption, time, location), card coins (card coin quantity, card coin accumulation, card coin expiration prompt), with our affiliated companies Zhejiang Taobao Network Co., Ltd. and Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd., as well as with third-party Tencent (WeChat mini program operator), after you choose authorization, so that you can also query your aforementioned information on other third-party ports. Please note that we will obtain your consent through a pop-up window before sharing. If you refuse, we will not share the above information.
If you cancel the authorization, please contact our customer service to cancel it. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer share with third parties and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding account display services in third parties (such as you will not be able to view your card coin quantity, redemption benefits, etc. on the Taobao page); But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
(3) Basic information maintenance:
When using the Le Power App, in order to maintain your basic information and improve your service experience, you can independently choose to fill in your email address, gender, avatar, nickname, location, birthday, personal profile, etc. This type of information belongs to non essential information of this function. If you do not provide this information, it does not affect the basic functions of your use of our products and/or services. When you upload/change your avatar, we will request your camera and album permissions, and collect information about the images you upload/change.
(4) Transaction information
You can purchase goods or services within the Le Power App (including products and venue bookings within Le Power Sports Bank). You may need to pay when using this function. During the payment process, we may collect your third-party payment account (including Alipay account, WeChat account, UnionPay account).
2. We provide you with walking record services, health monitoring, customer service consultation, and sports rights acquisition and redemption services
After you register/log in, you can authorize the device location function to be enabled and use our location-based services. Of course, you can also stop our collection of your geographic location information at any time by turning off the location function. You can allow us to access your activity and fitness training records, and record step frequency and step count information by reading your activity and fitness training.
To ensure the accuracy of the step counting service provided to you after your device is restarted, it may cause the mobile device to have self starting behavior (specifically: we will listen to your device's boot broadcast android.itent.action.BOOT_Completed), which may not be able to be automatically turned off in some phone settings.
You can also provide personal information such as gender, height, weight, and year of birth according to our prompts to calculate the distance you walk and energy consumption. We will promptly notify you of your walking records after reading and calculating them. We will also help you record your physical health status based on the personal health data you provide, such as weight, body fat, waist circumference, chest circumference, hip circumference, thighs, etc.
You can also participate in our recommended activities through this recording service and receive sports benefits and redemption services after completing the activity tasks. To complete the recommendation activity, we will record your payment method and fund account to provide after-sales services such as refunds on the original path, withdrawal of activity red envelopes, and withdrawal from activity services. We will share your payment related information, security related equipment information and other necessary information required by anti money laundering laws with Alipay companies or other third-party payment companies through software tool development kits (SDKs) embedded in applications and other third-party payments according to the payment method you choose.
We will provide the above services to you with your consent, and you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect the information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above. However, unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
3. Bluetooth
If you already have relevant hardware devices (regardless of whether they are from the Le Power brand) and wish to synchronize the information recorded by the hardware products (including but not limited to heart rate, sleep information, steps, exercise data, weight, BMI, personal information that you have agreed to upload, and personal body data) to the Le Power App, you can do so by enabling Bluetooth function. If you refuse to enable it, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of the Le Power App. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
4. Provide you with product or service information display
In order to provide you with more convenient and personalized information display, search, and push services that meet your needs, we may reasonably send you commercial service/promotional information, the latest management information on the platform, product content, and other service notifications deemed necessary to inform registered users through telephone, SMS, and internal messaging.
To provide you with more convenient and personalized information display, search, and push services that meet your needs, we will predict your preference characteristics based on your device information, service log information, and other authorized information, and generate indirect audience portraits based on feature tags for displaying and pushing information, sports services, and possible commercial advertisements to you. Among them:
(1) Equipment Information
Rest. During your access and/or use of our services, we receive and record device related information, including software and hardware feature information (referring to device model, operating system version, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, MEID, ICCID, OAID device identifiers, device environment, mobile application list, WIFI SSID), device location related information (referring to: ① accurate geographic location information obtained through GPS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base station sensors (specifically: using vector sensors, acceleration sensors, gyroscope sensors, pressure sensors, magnetic induction sensors, step sensors); ② The approximate geographic location information obtained through network location information such as base stations, IP addresses, and WLAN
Note: Accurate geographic location information is considered sensitive personal information. You can disable location services in the system of your mobile device to stop us from collecting your location information. However, you may not be able to use the services we provide based on your geographic location (including automatically recommending nearby sports venues to you, etc.), or you may not be able to achieve the expected results of related services.
(2) Service log information: When you use the products or services provided by our client, we will automatically collect detailed usage information of our services as service logs, including browsing, clicking to view, search queries, transactions, after-sales, following and sharing information, publishing information, as well as IP address, browser type, telecom operator, language of use, access date and time.
If you do not want to accept personalized recommendations, you can turn them off through the "My Settings Content Recommendations" option. If closed, you will no longer receive information, sports services, and commercial advertisements that match your preferences, but the push information we provide that is not targeted at your personal characteristics will not decrease accordingly. In addition, we will also use your above information to continuously improve and optimize the aforementioned features.
5. Ordering, payment, and order management services
When you purchase a product or service on the Le Power App, we will generate an order for you to purchase that product or service. To fulfill your order and provide after-sales service, you need to fill in the recipient's name, shipping address, and mobile phone number during the order process. The order also includes the order number, information about the goods or services you purchased, order time, actual payment amount, and payment method you used.
You can purchase goods or services for others through the Le Power App. Please obtain their consent before providing their personal information.
6. Leave a message and leave a review
When you leave feedback or reviews on the Le Power App after purchasing a product or service, we will collect your messages and review content about the product. We would like to remind you that as the content of comments and reviews on products is publicly released, any personal information contained in them may pose certain risks to you. Therefore, we suggest that you carefully consider whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services in your comments and reviews. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of other natural persons or children, you need to obtain the consent of the natural person or the child's guardian before publishing.
7. Customer and dispute resolution
When you contact us or apply for dispute resolution, in order to ensure the security of your account and system, we require you to provide necessary personal information to verify your membership status.
In order to facilitate contact with you, assist you in resolving issues as soon as possible, or record the solutions and results of related issues, we may keep records of your communication, correspondence/call records, and related content (including account information, order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you leave behind). If you make inquiries, complaints, or provide suggestions regarding specific orders, we will use your account information and order information (including recipient name, shipping address, recipient phone number, order number, information about the goods or services you purchased, order time, actual payment amount you made, and payment method you used).
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use your other information, including the relevant information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in surveys. If you do not provide the above information, our customer service will not be able to provide you with the aforementioned services, but it does not affect your use of the other services we provide.
8. Sports data synchronization
On the premise of fully informing the third-party software of the type of sports data synchronized to the Le Power App and obtaining your authorization, we will obtain the sports data generated by you in the third-party software from the third-party software and synchronize it to your Le Power.
9. To provide you with security protection
In order to improve the security of your use of our and our affiliated companies and partners' services, protect your or other users' or the public's personal and property safety from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or our relevant agreements and rules, we embed the application security SDK developed by our affiliated companies in the application to collect your device information, service log information, and may use or integrate your membership information, transaction information, device information, service log information, as well as information authorized by you or shared by our affiliated companies and partners in accordance with the law (among which, we may collect MAC addresses IMEI and other device identifiers are used for risk verification to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, perform identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
10. Other Additional Services
(1) Additional services based on system permissions
In order to provide you with more convenient, high-quality, and personalized products and/or services, and strive to enhance your experience, we may collect and use your personal information by enabling system permissions in the following additional services provided to you. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of the basic services of the Le Power App, but you may not be able to obtain the user experience brought by these additional services.
You can decide whether to grant or grant these permissions at any time.
Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor can we continue to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. Your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
You can click here to view the 'Application Permission Application and Usage Description'.
(2) Cookies and similar technology services
Cookies and similar device information identification technology are widely used in the Internet. When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") to your device to collect, identify, and store information about your access to and use of this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies mainly to ensure the security and efficient operation of our products and services. They allow us to confirm the security status of your account and transactions, investigate related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays, and help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling out forms and entering search content.
At the same time, we may use cookies to display information or features that you may be interested in and optimize your advertising choices. Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You can perform corresponding data clearing operations, or modify the acceptance level of cookies or refuse our cookies. You may not be able to use services or corresponding functions that rely on cookies due to these modifications.
3、 Provide external information
（1） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of the LePower App service provider, except in the following circumstances:
1. Necessary sharing for fulfilling legal obligations: We may share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation, dispute resolution, or as required by administrative and judicial authorities, as well as other legal obligations.
2. Sharing with your consent: With your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
3. Sharing necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party:
(1) If you purchase goods or services through Le Power, we will share the necessary information related to the transaction in your order information with the providers of the relevant goods or services based on your choices, in order to meet your transaction, delivery, and after-sales service needs;
(2) Marketing authorized partners: When you choose to participate in our marketing activities, you need to provide your name, mailing address, contact information, and bank account information according to the needs of the event, so that the third-party logistics company can provide you with prizes in a timely manner. With your separate consent, we will share the above information with third parties so that they can provide you with prizes in a timely manner.
4. Sharing with affiliated companies: In order to facilitate our joint provision of certain services to you with affiliated companies, we provide you with products and/or services based on the Le Power account, recommend information that may be of interest to you, identify anomalies in member accounts, and protect the personal and property safety of our affiliated companies or other users or the public from infringement. Your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies and/or their designated service providers. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this policy. If we share your sensitive personal information or if our affiliated companies change the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
Please note that the information you voluntarily share or even publicly share while using our services may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information. Please consider more carefully and make a decision.
（2） Entrusted processing
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal information in order to authorize partners to provide certain services or perform functions on our behalf for you. We will only entrust them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this policy statement. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties, and we will require them through an agreement not to use this information for any other purposes beyond the scope of the delegation. If authorized partners use your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
At present, our authorized partners include the following types:
1. Authorized partners for advertising and analytics services. We will entrust these partners to handle information related to advertising placement, coverage, and effectiveness, while adopting industry standard security technologies. We will not entrust your personal identification information to our partners for processing.
2. Suppliers, service providers, and other partners. We entrust information to suppliers, service providers, and other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services commissioned by us, analyzing how our services are used, providing customer service, facilitating payment, or conducting academic research and surveys.
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our client, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and features, our application will embed SDK or other similar applications from authorized partners. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with authorized partners on strict data protection measures to process personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Except for authorized partners who obtain your consent separately.
You can click here to view the details of the SDK we have integrated.
（3） Transfer
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. meet
The recipient will continue to fulfill this policy and other legal obligations. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will obtain your consent again.
（4） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. Based on your voluntary choice and other separate consent, we may publicly disclose your personal information;
2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated our relevant agreements and rules, or in order to protect the personal and property safety of LePower App users or the public from infringement, we may disclose personal information about you, including relevant violations and measures we have taken against you.
4、 Your rights
You can access and manage your information through the following methods, and we will respond to your request in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements:
（1） Review, Correction, and Supplement
If you wish to access, correct, and supplement your personal basic information and payment information in your account, change your password, add security information, or close your account, you can log in to your account and perform such operations through "Account Management"; You can log in to the APP, enter the "My" page, click on the avatar, then click on the icon in the upper right corner and select "Modify Personal Profile" to query and modify personal account related information such as avatar, nickname, location, and personal signature;
You can also choose to contact customer service for assistance in querying, correcting, or supplementing your information.
（2） Delete
You can delete some of your information through the path listed in "(1) Review, Correction, and Supplement", or apply to cancel your account and delete all of your information.
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information from us by contacting the customer:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent;
3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
4. If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
5. If we cease to provide products or services, or if the retention period has expired.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible and request them to delete it in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these subjects have independently obtained your authorization).
When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technology limitations, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and restrict any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
（3） Change the scope of authorization
After obtaining your authorization, we will provide you with corresponding business function services. You can withdraw your authorization consent at any time in "My Settings" or "Settings" on your phone. You can also contact the customer service of Le Power to give or withdraw your authorization consent.
For authorizations that cannot be directly set up through the above methods, you can modify them by contacting customer service. However, please note that for some types of personal information, such as information necessary to implement basic functions of the Le Power App or information necessary for us to fulfill legal obligations, we may not be able to respond to your request to change the scope of authorization. After you withdraw your authorization, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization.
（4） Copy
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information. If you need to obtain a copy of the personal information we have collected from you, you can contact our customer service center or contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8. Subject to compliance with relevant legal requirements and technical feasibility, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information.
（5） Cancel account
You can apply to cancel your account through the following methods:
1. Submit an account cancellation application on the "Cancel Account" page (e.g. "My Settings Account Cancellation I Agree to Cancel" on the Le Power APP).
2. Contact customer service to apply for the cancellation of your account.
After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products and/or services, and delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws.
（6） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through customer service.
（7） In response to your above request
For you or your potential guardians, close relatives, and other authorized parties who make the above requests to us, as well as your relevant personal information rights under the laws of the People's Republic of China and other applicable laws, you can contact us through customer service or directly file a complaint with our personal information protection department. We will provide a response within 15 days.
To ensure the security of your account and personal information, when you make the above request to us, we may first verify your identity (such as adding account verification, requesting you to provide a written request, or other reasonable means), and then process your request.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain fee at our discretion. We may refuse requests for information that is not directly related to your identity, information that is repeatedly applied for without reasonable reasons, or requests that require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are unrealistic.
5、 Storage of Information
（1） Storage period
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law, such as fulfilling obligations under the three-year statute of limitations for seeking protection of civil rights from the People's Court as stipulated in the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China. And our criteria for determining the aforementioned deadline include:
1. Complete services related to you
Purpose, maintain corresponding service and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
3. Do you agree to a longer retention period;
4. Are there any other special agreements regarding retention periods.
After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws.
（2） Storage location
The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within China. In the following circumstances, we will provide your personal information to potential overseas entities after fulfilling our legal obligations:
1. The applicable laws have clear provisions;
2. Obtain your separate consent;
3. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of cross-border e-commerce transactions and other types of contracts to which you are a party.
4. In response to the above situation, we will protect your personal information security in accordance with this policy and the law.
（3） Storage Security
1. Data protection technology measures
We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect your information, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, we use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information. When exchanging data between your browser and server, it is protected by SSL protocol encryption. We provide HTTPS protocol for secure browsing; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. At present, our important information systems have passed the third level or above evaluation of network security protection and ISO27001 certification.
2. Organizational measures for data protection management
We have established an advanced data security management system in the industry, with data as the core and centered around the data lifecycle, to enhance the security of personal information from the dimensions of organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We have established a dedicated department for personal information protection and designated a person to be responsible for the protection of children's personal information. We continuously enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information through training courses and exams.
3. Response to Personal Information Security Incidents
If our physical, technical, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, and causing damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will promptly activate emergency plans and take reasonable and necessary measures to minimize the impact on you personally. If a personal information security incident occurs, we will also inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you through SMS, phone calls, push notifications, and other reasonable channels. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
4. Prevention of Account Security Risks
When using the Le Power App, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. In addition, you can also establish communication, exchange information or analyze content with third parties through our services. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust other trading tools to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
If you are concerned about the leakage of your personal information, especially your account or password, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures based on your application.
6、 Policy updates
To provide you with a better product and service experience, we continuously strive to improve our products, services, and technology. When new services and business processes change, we may update our privacy policy and inform you of specific changes through announcements or system messages on the Le Power App, as well as other appropriate means. But without your explicit consent, we will not restrict your rights under this policy.
For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including providing you with pop-up prompts).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. The business model of the product has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, and the way in which personal information is used;
2. The subject change of privacy policy caused by business adjustments, transaction mergers and acquisitions, and the change of the original processing purpose and processing method of the new subject recipient;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing or public disclosure have changed;
4. Significant changes have occurred in the user's personal information rights and their exercise methods;
5. When the contact information and complaint channels of the person in charge of personal information protection change;
6. When the personal information protection impact assessment report indicates that the product has a significant impact on individual rights and interests.
We will also archive the old version of this policy on the dedicated page of the Le Power App for your reference.
7、 Protection of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor, we require you to have your parents or other guardians carefully read this policy and use our services or provide us with information with their consent.
If you are a child under the age of 14, before using our services, you and your guardian should carefully read our specially formulated "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" to ensure that you can only use our services under the guidance of your guardian after obtaining their consent to the "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules", and ensure your safety when using our services and conducting transactions.
If you are the parent or other guardian of a child, please pay attention to whether the child is using our services after obtaining your authorization and consent. If you have any questions about children's personal information, please contact our dedicated department for personal information protection.
8、 Contact Us
You can communicate with me through the following ways
Please contact us and we will reply to your request within 15 days
1. If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through the online customer service of the Le Power App;
2. We have also established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which you can access through privacy_youku@service.alibaba.com Contact them (please indicate that it is related to the Le Power App and provide specific factual information), or call customer service at 400-810-0580 (free service) 400-810-3568 (membership service), office address: Alibaba Center, Building 4, Zone 4, Wangjing Dongyuan, Beijing - Alibaba Sports Legal Department, Building B, Wangjing, Postal Code 100102. Please note that we may not respond to questions unrelated to this policy or your personal information rights.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile.
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
Le Power App: refers to the Le Power App application, mini program, etc. operated by Orange Lion Sports (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Related companies: Refers to the affiliated companies of the Le Power App service provider disclosed in the latest annual report of Alibaba Group Holding Limited, a listed company.
Personal information: Various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways, excluding anonymized information.
Sensitive personal information: Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety, including biometric identification, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health care, financial accounts, tracking information, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Personal information deletion: refers to the act of removing personal information from systems involved in daily business functions, so that it remains unretrievable and inaccessible.
Children: Refers to minors under the age of fourteen.
Device information: including device identifiers (IMEI, IDFA, Android ID, MAC, OAID, IMSI, MEID, ICCID and other device related information), application information (application crash information, notification switch status, application installation list and other application related information), device parameters and system information (device type, device model, operating system and hardware related information), device network environment information (IP address, WiFi information, base station information and other network related information). The actual collection situation of the product shall prevail.
Service log information: including search and browsing history, followers, playback history, access volume, playback duration, IP address, WLAN network, telecom operator network, language used, access date and time.
De identification: refers to the process of processing personal information to make it impossible to identify a specific natural person without the need for additional information.
Anonymization: refers to the process in which personal information cannot be identified as a specific natural person and cannot be restored after processing.
