Version update prompt:
Thank you for using LeEco Video! This LeEco video (hereinafter referred to as "us") has updated some content in accordance with the "Personal Information Security Specification for Information Security Technology" (GB/T 35273-2020) and other relevant laws, regulations, and technical specifications. The main content includes the following: according to laws, regulations, and technical specifications, we have added new scenarios for us to obtain your permissions and related personal information and use your information (specifically, Sections 1.1, 1.5 (11, 12) of Part 1 of this Agreement and Section 2.3 of Part 2 of this Agreement); Add information on third-party SDKs or other similar applications that may be included in our products (specifically Section 4.4 (d) of this Agreement).
Dear user:
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. What information does LeTV collect from you
2. How LeEco uses your information
3. How do you control your information
4. How does LeTV share or transmit your information
5. How LeTV protects your information
6. How does LeTV protect the personal information of minors
7. How to update this policy
LeEco Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "LeEco") respects and protects the personal information security and reliability of users (hereinafter referred to as "you" or "users"). LeEco is committed to maintaining your trust in LeEco, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, LeTV promises that we will adopt corresponding security protection measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information. When you use LeEco's services (including but not limited to the user's downloading, installation, use, browsing, account acquisition, and login to all LeEco services, software, and clients), LeEco will collect and use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy").
LeEco recommends that you carefully read and understand all the contents of this policy before using LeEco services. If you do not agree with any content of this policy, you can only use the basic services of LeEco Video.
1、 What information does LeTV collect from you
According to the national standard GB/T35273-2017 "Information Security Technology - Personal Information Security Specification" of the People's Republic of China, personal information refers to various types of information recorded in electronic or other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, such as name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc. Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, if leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment, including personal property information, personal health and physiological information, personal biometric information, personal identity information, network identification information, and other such information. All references to sensitive personal information in this policy are displayed in bold font. Please read carefully. You may refuse to provide personal sensitive information, but it may affect your experience using LeEco.
Please be informed that LeEco collects your personal information for the purpose of meeting the needs of providing services to you and improving LeEco's website and services, and LeEco attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. When collecting your information on LeEco, we will strictly adhere to the principles of "legality, legitimacy, and necessity". And you are aware that if you do not provide the relevant information required for LeEco to provide services to you, your experience on LeEco may be affected as a result. Considering the relevance of the services provided by LeEco, you have agreed that LeEco will collect the information you input or otherwise provide to us when using the LeEco website:
LeTV will collect your mobile device model, device name, device MAC address Android ID、IMSI、MEID、OAID、 Unique identifier, device serial number, SIM card serial number (ICCID), browser type, gyro sensor, accelerometer, gravity sensor, system language, operating system version, resolution, application version, Wi Fi network environment, Wi Fi SSID, Wi Fi BSSID, Wi Fi scan results, reading Bluetooth address, log information, software installation list or running process information, device account data.
When you register or activate your LeEco account, LeEco will collect your personal registration information, including phone number, username, password, user avatar, and nickname.
During the use of LeEco's services, with your consent, we will record your geographic location information to provide you with video recommendation services.
4. Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, LeTV may collect and use your personal information in the following situations without obtaining your authorization and consent:
(1) Related to national security and defense security;
(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(5) Collect your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(6) Necessary for maintaining the security and compliance of services, such as discovering and handling product and service failures;
(7) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
5. LeEco collects information in the following ways:
(1) Open LeEco Video
When you download and start LeEco Video for the first time, we need you to grant storage permissions to enable offline caching of video content and saving screenshots.
When you first download and open a LeEco video, we will obtain your consent
Under the premise of enabling phone permissions, collect your mobile device IMEI number, device MAC address, Android ID, IMSI, OAID, and phone number, device serial number, SIM card serial number (ICCID), or running process information to use the operator's free data service. If you refuse to enable phone permissions, you can still use LeEco Video's services, but cannot enjoy the operator's free data service.
(2) Create and register user accounts
When you register an account on LeEco Video, you need to follow our product process to complete a series of membership registration procedures. During this process, you need to provide us with your phone number, username, password, user avatar, and nickname to complete the user registration process. The mobile phone number you provided is to meet the legal requirements for network real name registration, so that you can use interactive functions such as posting comments and bullet comments.
When you log in with your WeChat, QQ, or Weibo account, if you decide to bind your LeEco account, with your account binding authorization, the third-party platform will synchronize some of your information to us, including username, user avatar, and nickname.
If you choose not to create and register a user account, you will not need to provide us with the above information. You can still use other features of LeEco Video, but you cannot use any interactive functions such as posting comments and bullet comments.
(3) Video display and playback functions
When you use the video services provided by LeEco, we will receive and record device information based on the specific permissions you grant, such as device model, device name, device MAC address, etc Android ID、IMSI、OAID、 Device serial number, SIM card serial number (ICCID), unique identifier, browser type, system language, operating system version, application version, WIFI network environment. We will also collect your log information, including operation logs and service logs. We collect this information in order to better provide video display and playback services. If you refuse to provide it, it may result in the inability to use our products and services. Due to the copyright restrictions of most of the content provided by LeTV Video, we will obtain your geographical location information to determine whether we can provide services to you in your area. Refusing to provide geographical location information will result in you being unable to watch copyrighted content with authorized area restrictions.
(4) Video recommendation function
When you use the video recommendation function like Guess Your Favorite, you need to provide us with the video's browsing history, playback history, your device information, device MAC address Android ID、IMSI、OAID、 The device serial number, SIM card serial number (ICCID), IP address, and geographic location are used to recommend higher quality video content to you based on your preferences. If you refuse to provide the above information, you can still use other services of LeEco Video, but cannot use the video recommendation function.
(5) Scan QR code and take photos function
When you use functions such as scanning QR codes and taking photos, we require you to open the camera usage authorization and view the QR code information and images. You can set to enable/disable this authorization at any time.
(6) Offline caching of video content and screenshot saving function
When you use the offline caching video content and save screenshots to the local album service function, we need you to open storage permissions and collect your image and video information.
(7) Rules for the Use of Personal Information in New Scenarios
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not mentioned in the above description and has collected your information, we will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of the information collection to you through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., in order to obtain your consent.
(8) Make a phone call
When you use third-party advertising services provided by LeEco Video, if there is a call content in the advertisement, if you click to dial the number, the operator of the phone number you are using will charge the communication fee (phone bill) normally.
(9) Receive messages
When you register or log in to LeEco Video, or when you make a payment in LeEco Video, LeEco Video will send you a text message containing a verification code and other information. After receiving the message, LeEco Video will read the verification code and other information for you to verify your registration, login, or payment.
(10) Accessing Bluetooth settings
When you need to transmit the content of LeEco videos between multiple devices via Bluetooth, LeEco videos will read the switch status of the Bluetooth settings in the devices you need to connect to, in order to achieve interconnectivity between your multiple devices via Bluetooth.
(11) Create desktop shortcuts and jump mini programs
When you need to create a LeEco video shortcut on your desktop, or when you need to jump from LeEco video to other mini programs, LeEco video will read the software installation list on your device to enable you to create LeEco video shortcut icons on your desktop and jump from LeEco video to other programs.
(12) When the APP is in silent state or running in the background, it will collect user information, device information, and software installation list
When the APP is in silent state or running in the background: 1. The third-party advertising SDK may periodically read the software installation list in your device, in order to optimize the promotion/information service experience based on the activity of various mobile applications in the end user's device, so that developers can provide more content that meets the needs of the end user, reduce the disturbance of useless and redundant promotion/information to the end user, and reduce the consumption of power and mobile data on the end user's device. Please refer to the privacy clause of the LeTV Video Third Party SDK Catalog for details. 2. In order to provide users with a better viewing experience, when you use basic functions such as playback and download, LeTV Video APP may periodically read device information such as MAC address, IMEI information, IP address, device serial number, SIM card serial number (ICCID), etc. To ensure the maximum security of your information, we recommend that you review the privacy policy of third-party SDK services before using them.
(13) APP self start/associated start
After obtaining your authorization and consent, in order to ensure the safety of users
To use the latest features and services as soon as possible, and to achieve the above objectives, it is necessary to ensure that the application receives system notifications (PUSH notifications) normally when it is closed or running in the background. We may initiate or associate with it within a reasonable frequency range
2、 How LeEco uses your information
We strictly comply with the provisions of laws and regulations as well as agreements with users, and use the collected information in accordance with this privacy policy to provide you with better quality services.
1. Information Usage Rules
We will use the collected information according to the following rules:
We will provide you with various functions and services based on the information we collect, including video viewing services, VIP membership services, and mall functions;
We will provide personalized services to you based on your browsing preferences, habits, location information, and other characteristics, including indirect audience profiling based on feature tags and recommending content and activities that you may be interested in, displaying more relevant advertisements or other promotional content to you, optimizing the experience of personalized services, and evaluating and improving the effectiveness of our advertising and other promotional activities;
We will analyze the operation of our products based on your frequency and situation of using LeEco, fault information, performance information, etc., to ensure the safety of our services, optimize our products, and improve our service quality. We will not combine the information stored in our analysis software with the personal identification information you provide.
2. Rules for targeted push activities
We will conduct targeted push according to the following rules and provide you with corresponding exit mechanisms:
We will provide personalized promotional content based on your viewing history, browsing preferences, and other characteristics, such as recommending videos that meet your preferences. You can reduce the relevance of recommended content to you by deleting your viewing history.
3. Targeted push advertising
The partner who entrusts us for information promotion and advertising placement: You confirm that we have the right to share with the partner who entrusts us for information promotion and advertising placement the indirect user profile, de identified or anonymized analysis/statistical information formed by our use of your relevant information collection (such as "Thirty generation women in Beijing, like coffee"), to help them make advertising or decision-making suggestions, improve effective advertising reach, and further understand user needs. We promise that we will not share personal information that can identify you with you without your consent.
4. Ways to obtain consent after informing the purpose of the change
We will use the collected information within the purposes covered by this privacy policy. If we use your personal information beyond the stated purpose and scope of direct or reasonable association at the time of collection, we will inform you again and obtain your explicit consent before using your personal information.
3、 How do you control your information
You have the following independent control rights over your personal information on LeEco:
1. You are aware that on LeEco, you can freely choose to perform the following operations: in the "My" section - "Settings", you can log out of your current LeEco account at any time;
2. You are aware that when LeEco collects information from you for specific purposes, LeEco will provide you with advance notice and you have the right to choose to refuse. But at the same time, you are aware that when you choose to refuse to provide relevant information, you will not be able to use LeEco's related services.
3. You have the right to inquire about your personal information from LeEco and request LeEco to update or change your relevant information. The specific operation method is as follows: you can log in to your mobile account and perform such operations through the "Account Management" function. You can also log in to the PC personal center, enter the account settings page, query and modify your personal information, privacy settings, security settings, or modify your personal registration information.
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information from LeEco by calling customer service at 01056027282:
(1) If LeEco's handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If LeTV collects and uses your personal information without your consent;
(3) If LeEco's handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
(4) If you no longer use LeEco's products or services, or if you cancel your account.
(5) If LeEco no longer provides you with products or services.
When you delete information from LeEco's services, LeEco may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
5. The specific operation method for users to delete their accounts is: you can call customer service at 01056027282 to request manual deletion of your user account and personal information.
6. The operation method for revoking the agreed authorization is: you can set privacy permissions on your mobile phone or call customer service at 01056027282 to request manual operation to give or revoke your authorization consent.
7. You are aware that LeEco may collect your information in accordance with the requirements of Article 1, Paragraph 4 of this policy without obtaining your authorization or consent.
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways when performing certain operations. LeTV may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
9. For your reasonable requests, LeEco does not charge any fees in principle, but for repeated or unreasonable requests, LeEco will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. LeEco may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic (such as involving information stored on backup tapes). In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, LeTV will not be able to respond to your request:
(1) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) There is ample evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice
Or abuse of power;
(5) Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests.
(6) Involving trade secrets.
4、 How LeEco saves, shares, or transmits your information
1. The personal information collected and generated by LeEco within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored on servers within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If LeTV needs to transmit your personal information overseas, it will obtain your authorization in advance and carry out cross-border data transmission in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and policies, and fulfill confidentiality obligations for your personal information.
2. LeEco's storage period for your information is: log information should be stored for no less than 6 months, and transaction information should be stored for no less than 3 years from the completion date of the transaction. Information that exceeds the above period will be deleted or anonymized.
When users voluntarily cancel or unbind their accounts, we will permanently delete or anonymize their personal information.
4. Without your prior consent, LeTV will not share or transfer your personal information to any third party, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Obtaining your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
(2) The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(3) The collected personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(4) Shared with LeEco's affiliates, partners, and third-party service providers, LeEco will only share necessary user information and is bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy, and used for the following purposes:
a. To provide you with LeEco's services;
b. To achieve the purpose described in the section "How LeEco uses your information";
c. Fulfill LeEco's rights and obligations under this policy;
d. Understand, maintain, and improve LeEco's services.
To achieve the corresponding functions of LeEco Video, we need to share your personal information with third parties. When you purchase a member in LeEco Video APP, we will share your device information, user information (user name, user avatar, nickname information) with corresponding third-party payment applications, such as WeChat payment, Alipay or other third-party payment applications, according to the payment method you use to help you complete the payment; When you use the LeTV video app for content sharing, we will share your device information and user information with Sina Weibo, QQ, and QQ Space for content sharing purposes; When you use the LeTV video app, we will share your device information and user information with Baidu Alliance, 360, Guangdian, and others for precise advertising; When you redeem or purchase online store discount cards through LeTV Video APP, we will share your device information and user information with the corresponding online stores JD and Taobao. When you use the LeTV Video app, we will share your device information and user information with Shumei during the security review of the content on the app; When you use the LeTV video app, we will share your device information and user information with Linzhuxin to provide you with high-quality content services.
Our products may contain third-party SDKs or other similar applications. If you use such services provided by third parties on our platform, you agree that they will directly collect and process your information (such as in the form of embedded code, plugins, etc.). Currently, the third-party SDK services included in our products can be found in the LeEco Video Third Party SDK Catalog. The aforementioned service providers' collection and processing of information comply with their own privacy policies and are not applicable to this policy. To ensure the maximum security of your information, we recommend that you review the privacy policy of any third-party SDK services before using them. To protect your legitimate rights and interests, if you discover any risks associated with such SDKs or similar applications, we recommend that you immediately terminate the relevant operations and contact us promptly.
With the updates and development of LeEco's video features and services, we may need to share your personal information with more third parties. However, we will follow the principles of legality and necessity, and ensure that LeEco signs strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom LeEco shares personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with LeEco's instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
(5) Provide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, administrative or judicial requirements;
(6) When it comes to mergers and acquisitions, if it involves the transfer of personal information, LeTV will require the recipient of personal information to continue to be bound by this policy.
5、 How LeTV protects your information
We have always attached great importance to protecting the personal information security of our users. To this end, we have adopted security technology measures that comply with industry standards, as well as supporting organizational structures and management systems, and other multi-level protection measures to minimize the risks of your information being leaked, damaged, misused, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, and changed. include:
1. If LeEco's products or services cease to operate, LeEco will promptly cease its activities of collecting your personal information, announce the cessation of operation on the LeEco website or the software and clients provided by LeEco, and delete or anonymize your personal information held within a reasonable period of time.
2. In order to protect your personal information, the user identity verification API interface of LeTV adopts SSL encrypted communication, which will not be stolen during network transmission. Multiple MD5+random number encryption is used for user passwords to minimize the risk of brute force cracking of user passwords. User key information, such as phone number, email address, security issues, etc., is all coded for external output to minimize the risk of losing user key information.
3. LeEco will continue to conduct internal employee information security training and protect your privacy information by setting secure access permissions for relevant data.
4. Please note that the collection and use of your personal information by smart devices bound to LeEco (including the client) is not controlled by LeEco and is not subject to this policy.
6、 How LeTV protects the personal information of minors
LeTV Network's Protection
Minors under the age of 18 make the following special agreement:
1. Minors should use LeEco related services under the guidance of their parents or guardians.
2. LeEco suggests that parents and guardians of minors should guide minors to use LeEco services after reading this policy and other relevant rules of LeEco.
3. LeTV will protect the confidentiality and security of personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations, and will only use or publicly disclose this information with legal permission, explicit consent from parents or guardians, or as necessary to protect minors.
7、 How to update this policy
1. LeEco's privacy policy may change. Without your explicit consent, LeTV will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. LeTV will publish any changes made to this policy on its website and the software and clients that provide services.
2. For significant changes, LeEco will also provide more prominent notifications (including for certain services, LeEco will send notifications via email explaining the specific changes to the privacy policy). The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
(1) The service model of LeEco has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
(2) LeEco has undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
(3) The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
(4) There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
(5) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
3. LeEco will also archive old versions of this policy for your reference.
8、 Our contact information
You can send an email to the following commonly used office address or contact us through the following contact phone number or email to provide your opinions, suggestions, inquiries, and appeals. We will provide timely feedback
Company Name: LeEco Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd
Registered Address: C606-3, 5th Floor, Building C, No. 9 Shangdi Third Street, Haidian District, Beijing
Common office address: Information and Network Security Committee, Lerong Building, No. 105 Yaojiayuan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
Contact phone number: 01056027282
E-mail: jubao@le.com
9、 Other
If you are a user outside the People's Republic of China, you need to fully understand and comply with all relevant laws, regulations, and rules in your jurisdiction and the use of LeEco services.
2. If you encounter any issues regarding the use of personal information while using LeEco services, you can contact LeEco by submitting feedback on the LeEco website and client, or by contacting LeEco through the contact information published in this policy.
3. You can view this policy and other service rules of LeEco on the LeEco website and client. LeEco encourages you to review LeEco's service agreement and privacy policy every time you visit LeEco.
4. This policy is a general privacy policy uniformly applicable to LeEco, and the user rights and information security measures stipulated therein apply to LeEco users. If there is any inconsistency or contradiction between the privacy terms and related policies in other functional modules of LeEco and this policy, please refer to this privacy policy.
LeTV Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd
Historical versions
Privacy Policy Updated on December 21, 2022
