Today's Headlines Privacy Policy
Update Date: June 17, 2024
Effective Date: June 24, 2024
Today's Headlines (referred to as "we") deeply understand the importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to us. We will protect your personal information and privacy security in accordance with legal regulations and industry best practices. We have formulated this "Privacy Policy" and specifically remind you to carefully read and understand it before using Today's Headlines and related services, in order to make appropriate choices.
This privacy policy will help you understand:
We will follow the privacy policy to collect and use your information. This privacy policy has informative effect and will not use mandatory bundling to collect personal information just because you agree to this privacy policy.
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, today's headlines are news and information apps, with the basic function of browsing and searching news and information. We help you understand the basic service functions of this product and the necessary information to ensure the normal operation of the service through the "Basic Function Data Processing Rules". Agreeing to this rule only means that you agree to use the main functions of browsing, searching, downloading, etc. to collect and process relevant necessary personal information and data.
In addition, in order to provide you with more rich and high-quality services, we may provide you with other extended functions such as e-commerce shopping and financial payment during your use of this product. The other personal information collected by the extended function services will be subject to your specific consent when you use the functions. Refusing to provide may affect your use of the corresponding extended functions, but it does not affect your use of our basic service functions. We will specify the information to be collected item by item in the privacy policy.
If you have not logged into your account, we will ensure the basic function of information push through the identifier information corresponding to the device. If you log in to your account, we will push information based on your account information.
To achieve business functions or as required by laws and regulations, we will collect and use your sensitive personal information when you use specific functions or services. Please refer to the Sensitive Personal Information List for specific collection scenarios, purposes, and scope.
Accurate geographic location, camera, microphone, photo album (storage), calendar, activity recording permissions, and address book permissions will not be enabled by default, and will only be used for specific functions or services with your explicit authorization. You can also revoke the authorization. It should be noted that even with your authorization, we have obtained these sensitive permissions and will not collect your information when the relevant functions or services are not needed. Application Permission Application and Usage Description
Unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy, this privacy policy applies to the products and services provided to you by Today's Headlines service providers through Today's Headlines (including Today's Headlines, Today's Headlines Extreme Edition, Today's Headlines Search Extreme Edition, Today's Headlines Professional Edition, and any subsequent series of editions that we provide and explicitly apply this privacy policy) applications, Headlines web pages, mini programs, Today's Headlines software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) for third-party websites and applications, as well as innovative forms and methods that emerge with technological development. If you use one or more services provided to you by us or our affiliated companies and have separate privacy policies, the corresponding privacy policies shall apply to the corresponding services or products; If no independent privacy policy is established, this policy also applies to that part of the product or service.
The following text will help you understand in detail how we collect, use, store, transfer (if applicable), and protect personal information; Help you understand the ways to query, copy, delete, correct, and revoke authorized personal information. This policy is closely related to your use of our services. We suggest that you carefully read and understand all the contents of this policy, and make the appropriate choices you think appropriate. We have highlighted the important content related to your personal information rights in bold, please pay special attention.
1. How do we collect and use personal information
2. How do we use similar technologies such as cookies
3. Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
4. How do we store personal information
5. How do we protect the security of personal information
6. Algorithms and Automated Decision Making
7. Manage your personal information
8. Provisions for Minors
9. Revision and Notification of Privacy Policy
10. Contact Us
1. How do we collect and use personal information
We will collect the information you voluntarily provide when using the service, as well as the information you generate during the use of features or acceptance of services through automated means, in the following ways:
1.1 Registration, Login, Authentication, and Retrieval
1.1.1 Registration and Login
a. When you register and log in to Today's Headlines and related services, you can create an account through your phone number, and you can complete the relevant network identification information (avatar, nickname, password). Collecting this information is to help you complete the registration. A mobile phone number is necessary information to comply with national laws and regulations regarding network real name registration. If you do not provide a mobile phone number for registration and login, we may not be able to provide you with information publishing, commenting, and other functions. After registering and logging into your account, you can fill in your personal information (personal profile, background image, gender, birthday, school, year of enrollment, occupation). We will collect the personal information you voluntarily fill in for display to other users and enrich the content of the homepage.
When you visit Today's Headlines, you can browse and search anonymously, but you need to register as a platform user to use publishing, commenting, and other user services.
b. Based on our cooperation with communication operators, when you use the "one click login" function of Today's Headlines, with your consent, we will process your phone number with the operator to provide you with quick login services. If you refuse the above processing, you will not be able to use the "one click login" method to register and log in to Today's Headlines, but it does not affect your ability to register and log in through other methods, nor does it affect the normal use of other functions.
c. You can use a third-party account to log in and use Today's Headlines. With your consent, we will obtain your public information (avatar, nickname, and other authorized information) registered on the third-party platform for binding with the Today's Headlines account, allowing you to log in directly
And use this product and related services.
d. When you log in to a third-party application using your Today's Headlines account, with your consent, the third-party application will use your nickname, avatar, and other authorized information.
e. To ensure consistent services are provided to you across different products, a unified service platform system is established for related products with corresponding functional connections. Within the service scope of this platform system, we will jointly collect and process your personal information when logging in and using the products with the above-mentioned affiliated products, and create a unified digital identifier for the mobile phone number you registered and used in different products to achieve consistency in functionality. Understand the unified service platform system
1.1.2 Certification
When you use the identity authentication function or related services, according to relevant laws and regulations, we may collect your real identity information (real name, ID number, ID photo, phone number, facial information, and other necessary identity information) to complete real name verification. Some of the information belongs to personal sensitive information, and you can refuse to provide it. If you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to access the relevant services, but it does not affect the normal use of other functions and services.
1.1.3 Account Retrieval
You can retrieve your account through the account retrieval function. To ensure the security of your account, we may require you to fill in relevant information for verification when retrieving your account. If necessary, we may verify your identity through real name authentication, facial recognition, and other methods.
1.2 Information browsing
1.2.1 Today's Headlines may recommend information that interests you more, and to achieve this function, we may collect necessary log information.
1.2.2 The log information used for information display includes:
a. The behavior information you operate and use: clicking, following, bookmarking, searching, querying, browsing, downloading, sharing, trading (for the convenience of logged in users, some of this information will be associated with your device information)
b. The information you proactively provided: feedback, posting, liking, commenting, editing, gender, birthday, region, introduction
c. Geographic location information: precise geographic location information obtained from GPS sensors, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base station information, as well as approximate geographic location information obtained through network location information (such as base stations, IP, and WLAN).
d. When you use functions such as Watermelon Video, Screening Hall, Mini Video, Encyclopedia, Search, etc., in order to ensure the consistency of the services you receive and facilitate unified management, you may use the above-mentioned log information that has been de identified with the service providers of these functions.
1.2.3 The geographic location information obtained by GPS sensors is sensitive personal information. If you refuse to provide it, we will not recommend information to you based on the geographic location obtained by the GPS sensor, and it will not affect the normal use of other functions of Today's Headlines.
1.2.4 We will display and recommend local information related to your area based on the city corresponding to the approximate geographical location information.
1.2.5 When you play a video, in order to adapt to the status of your device, we will call the device's acceleration sensor, gyroscope sensor, gravity sensor and other device sensors to identify the horizontal and vertical screen status of your device.
1.2.6 When you browse virtual scenes with special effects such as panoramic images, we will call on the gyroscope sensor of the device to recognize the angle and direction you are manipulating the device, and display the effect of the panoramic image.
1.2.7 When conducting data analysis, we will de identify the information collected and used above. Data analysis only corresponds to specific codes that cannot be directly associated with your identity and will not be associated with your true identity.
1.2.8 When you use the "scan" function, we will call the device's accelerometer to sense whether the user is moving the device, and automatically focus on quick recognition after moving the device. Please understand that individual device sensor data does not involve any personal location information and cannot be combined with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person.
1.2.9 When you use the screen casting function of Today's Headlines, we will obtain access to the local network where your device is located, and collect information about the devices connected to that local network (such as device models) as well as operation, usage, and service logs, in order to provide you with screen casting services and optimize specific functions and services. If you refuse to provide, you will only be unable to use the screen casting related functions and services, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Today's Headlines.
1.3 Release and Interaction
1.3.1 Information Release
a. When you post content or comments, we will collect the information you post and display your nickname, avatar, and content.
b. When you use the upload image and publish audio and video functions, we will request that you authorize the camera (camera), album (storage space), and microphone permissions. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use this feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of Today's Headlines.
c. When you post information and select a display location, we will request that you authorize geographic location permissions and collect location information related to this service. If you refuse to authorize the provision of precise geographic location information, you will not be able to use this feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of Today's Headlines.
d. Please note that the information you publicly release may involve personal information of users or others. If the information you publicly release contains personal information of others, before uploading and publishing, you must ensure that it is allowed by laws and regulations or has obtained legal authorization.
e. When using the live streaming function, according to laws, regulations, and security requirements, you need to undergo real name authentication. We will verify your identity through facial recognition. In the process of real name authentication, the third-party certification authority of the authentication service requires you to provide your real name, ID card number and face information. These pieces of information are personal sensitive information, and you can refuse to provide them without affecting the normal use of other features of Today's Headlines. These information are only used for real name authentication and for the purposes specified by laws and regulations. Without your explicit authorization, they will not be used for any other purposes.
f. The information collected by us from users who use our products or services, such as information posted by other users, may contain some of your information（
For example, when it comes to information related to you in comments, messages, posting graphics, audio and video.
g. For the convenience of users to view and edit drafts on other devices, and to optimize the user experience, when you confirm and save the edited content to the draft box, you understand and agree that the content of the draft box can be loaded onto the server. During use, you can also choose to turn it off at any time. If you want to turn off the save to cloud feature, you can do so in "System Settings". Alternatively, if you cancel or fail to save for other reasons, your content will not be stored in the cloud, but it will not affect the saving of drafts locally. Please rest assured that the content you store in the cloud will be stored with strong encryption, and no one has the right to illegally access, view, obtain, use, or disclose it.
h. When you use the live streaming reservation and event reservation functions, you can enable calendar permission reservation. If you refuse to provide them, there will be no calendar prompts. Refusing will only prevent you from using the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Today's Headlines.
i. When the activities you participate in at Today's Headlines involve fitness related functions, in order to provide you with continuous exercise records, we may apply for physical activity recognition permission from you and call sensors such as step counting sensors to obtain step counting data.
j. Based on the relevant requirements of laws and regulations, in order to maintain a real and orderly platform atmosphere, build a healthier and higher quality network ecosystem, and reduce harmful behaviors such as counterfeiting, spreading rumors, and riding traffic, when you use the information publishing functions such as posting pictures, videos, and comments, the platform will display the information of the location where the user posted the information on their personal homepage, works, and comments. Among them, domestic displays are displayed to provinces (regions, cities), and overseas displays are displayed to countries (regions), with information based on network operator data.
1.3.2 Interactive Communication
a. When you actively follow and interact with accounts, circles, events, topics that interest you, browse, comment, bookmark, like, or share content, we will collect the accounts you follow and show you the content posted by the accounts you follow.
b. When you share or receive shared information, participate in activities, etc., we need to access your clipboard, photo album, and read the passwords, sharing codes, links, QR codes contained in them to achieve functions or services such as jumping, sharing, and event linkage.
c. When you use functions such as "shake", we will call the device's acceleration sensor, gyroscope sensor, gravity sensor and other device sensors to identify and determine whether the device is shaking. Please understand that individual device sensor data does not involve any personal location information and cannot be combined with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person.
When you need to match nearby users in the above activities, with your authorization, we will use geographic location information related to the function (such as precise positioning information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base stations) to complete the matching and recommendation. The precise positioning information is personal sensitive information. If you refuse to authorize location permissions, you will not be able to use this matching function, but it does not affect the use of other functions in Today's Headlines.
1.3.3 Message Notification
You acknowledge and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information provided by you during the use of the product and/or service (such as contact phone number) for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, dispute resolution, etc; In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls to the mobile phone numbers collected during the aforementioned process. However, please rest assured that if you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in the SMS (such as replying with "TD", refer to the methods provided in the SMS for details), or you can contact us directly to unsubscribe.
1.3.4 User Feedback and Service
a. Customer Service and Issues: In order to facilitate contact with you, assist you in resolving issues as soon as possible, or record the solutions and results of related issues, we may save your communication/call records and related content with us (including account information, feedback information, order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or the contact information you leave). If you make inquiries, complaints, or provide suggestions regarding specific orders, we will use your account information and order information. When you provide us with feedback on application crashes or other issues during product operation, in order to locate and troubleshoot the problem, we will read necessary log information such as screenshot behavior time cached locally on your device. For the convenience of logged in users using customer service or feedback functions, we may associate the above information with your device information and view it after logging in.
b. When you complain or are complained about by others, in order to protect your and others' legitimate rights and interests, we may provide your account/identity information, contact information, and complaint related content to the consumer rights protection department and regulatory authorities for timely resolution of complaint disputes, except for those explicitly prohibited by laws and regulations.
c. If you use the services of affiliated or cooperative parties of Toutiao through our products or services and file a complaint, in order to facilitate effective communication between the product/service provider and you and promptly handle your complaint, you agree that we will obtain the personal information you provided during the complaint from the cooperative party and synchronize it with the corresponding product/service provider.
d. Questionnaire survey: In order to provide reasonable services and improve service quality, we may also use your other information, including the relevant information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in the survey; If you are unwilling, you can also refuse to participate in the survey.
1.4 Recommended by friends
1.4.1 Adding Friends
You can add friends by scanning QR codes, searching for nicknames, and other methods. When you add or delete friends in Today's Headlines, we will create/adjust friend lists, follow and fan relationships. When you interact and communicate with friends on Today's Headlines, in order to maintain the stability of the service, we may collect your interaction information.
1.4.2 Friend Recommendations
a. We will request access to the address book and use it to recommend friends to users after applying high-strength encryption algorithms to the information in the address book. Please be informed that if
If the address book uploaded by other users contains your contact information, the system may also recommend the user who uploaded the address book to you or recommend you to that user based on this information. Unless authorized by you, we will not disclose the relationship information of the address book to any third party.
b. If you log in with Tiktok account and use Today's Headlines, we will ask you to authorize the synchronization of Tiktok friends list. When you and Tiktok friends agree to this authorization, the system will recommend you and Tiktok friends to each other's headlines account and publish content.
c. We may recommend you as a friend according to your and other users' authorized mobile phone number, address book, following, fans, Tiktok friends and other relationships, or the information you and other users choose to display externally on their personal homepage, and your and other users' interactive behavior.
d. We will recommend nearby people to users based on their authorized geographic location information. Therefore, after you authorize the geographic location permission, you will receive the nearby friends we recommend to you and recommend you as a nearby friend to other users.
1.4.3 Privacy Settings
a. You can turn off address book permissions through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personal Information Collection Settings". After disabling the authorization, we will no longer collect your address book and will no longer recommend friends to you based on your address book. Please be informed that if other users upload contact information such as your contact details in their contact list, the system may also recommend you to the corresponding user based on this information.
b. You can turn off location information permissions through "My" - "Settings" - "Personal Information Collection Settings". After disabling the authorization, we will no longer recommend nearby friends to you based on location information, nor will we recommend you as a nearby friend to other users.
c. You can manage your authorization to the Tiktok friends list through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Tiktok Friends Authorization". After turning off this switch, the system will no longer recommend each other to you and Tiktok friends based on the above information.
d. You can also manage the friend recommendation function through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Recommend People You May Know to Me". After turning off this switch, the system will no longer recommend people you may know based on the above information, and manage your authorization through "Recommend Me to People You May Know". After turning off this switch, the system will no longer recommend you to other users.
1.5 Public Welfare
We utilize our technological advantages to provide search and related public welfare services to society. After granting GPS sensor permissions, we will use artificial intelligence distribution and precise map push technology to push information to users related to event occurrence and clue discovery locations. If you refuse to authorize the provision of geographic location information collected by GPS sensors, you will not receive such information push notifications and it will not affect your normal use of other features of Today's Headlines.
1.6 E-commerce Shopping
In order to provide you with e-commerce shopping services, our partners will collect your personal information to provide you with product or service information display, delivery, ordering, payment, customer service, and after-sales services. The specific collection and processing of personal information, purposes, and methods can be found in the "Small Store SDK Privacy Policy".
Among them, in order to help you automatically and quickly fill in the shipping address, when you create a new address and click on location, you will be applied for geographic location permission to collect accurate geographic location information obtained from sensors such as GPS sensors, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base stations. If you refuse to provide, we will not automatically fill in the address based on the geographic location information obtained by the GPS sensor. You can manually enter the address.
1.7 Operations and Security Assurance
1.7.1 Operation and Security Assurance
We are committed to providing you with safe and trustworthy products and usage environments, and providing high-quality and reliable services and information is our core goal. In order to maintain the normal operation of our services and protect the legitimate interests of you or other users or the public from losses, we will collect necessary information for maintaining the safe and stable operation of our products or services.
1.7.2 Function of using device information and log information
a. In order to ensure the safe operation, quality, and efficiency of software and services, we will collect data on your device's hardware model, operating system version number, device identifier (such as Android, AndroidID, OAID, iOS, such as IDFV), IP address, WLAN access point (such as SSID, BSSID), Bluetooth, base station, software version number, network access method, type, status, network quality, operation, usage, service logs, and device sensor data (such as accelerometer, linear accelerometer, gravity sensor, gyroscope sensor). We may associate your device information or phone number with your Today's Headlines account.
b. In order to prevent malicious programs, ensure operational quality and efficiency, we collect software lists or information on running processes, overall application operation, usage and frequency, application crashes, overall installation and usage, performance data, and application sources.
c. In order to analyze statistical indicators such as application addition, activation, retention, and performance, we may use a clipboard to perform attribution analysis on relevant statistical information. Please rest assured that we will not collect your privacy information during the statistical process.
d. We may use your account information, device information, service log information, and information provided by our affiliates and partners with your authorization or in accordance with the law to determine account and transaction security, conduct identity verification, identify illegal and irregular situations, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
1.8 Change in the purpose of collecting and using personal information
Please be aware that as our business develops, there may be adjustments and changes to the features and services provided by Today's Headlines. In principle, when new features or services are related to the ones we currently provide, the personal information collected and used will have a direct or reasonable connection with the original processing purpose. In scenarios where there is no direct or reasonable connection with the original processing purpose, we will collect and use your personal information again in accordance with laws and regulations
The requirements of national standards will be explained separately to you through page prompts, interactive processes, and protocol confirmation methods, and your consent will be obtained.
1.9 Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and relevant national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent before collecting and using your personal information:
a. What is necessary for us to fulfill the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations;
b. Directly related to national security and defense security;
c. Necessary for safeguarding public safety, public health, and major public interests;
d. Necessary for criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
e. Necessary for safeguarding your or others' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but difficult to obtain my authorization and consent;
f. The personal information you disclose to the public on your own;
g. Necessary for signing and fulfilling contracts according to the requirements of the personal information subject;
h. Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
i. Necessary for conducting legitimate news reporting;
j. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Special reminder: If the information cannot be individually or in combination with other information to identify your personal identity, it does not belong to your personal information in the legal sense; When your information can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify your personal identity, or when we combine data that cannot be linked to any specific personal information with other personal information, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy during the period of combined use.
2. How do we use similar technologies such as cookies
Cookies, device information identification and other similar technologies are widely used in the Internet. When you use Today's Headlines and related services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect, identify, and store information about your access to and use of this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services:
2.1 Ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services
We may set authentication and security cookies or anonymous identifiers to confirm whether you have safely logged into the service or encountered theft, fraud, and other illegal activities. These technologies will also help us improve service efficiency, enhance login and response speed.
2.2 Help you achieve a more relaxed access experience
Using this type of technology can help you save the steps and processes of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering search content (e.g. record search, form filling).
2.3 Recommend, display, and push content or accounts that may interest you
2.3.1 We may use cookies and similar technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, conduct data analysis to improve product services, recommend information or features that users are interested in, and optimize your advertising choices.
2.3.2 In the sharing page of Today's Headlines, we may use cookies to record browsing activities, in order to recommend information to you, troubleshoot related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays, and explore better service methods.
2.4 Clearing Cookies
Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data, and you can perform the corresponding data clearing operation in the browser settings function. If you clear it, due to these modifications, you may not be able to use cookies provided by the company
The service or corresponding function.
3. Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
3.1 Collaborators involved in the use of data
3.1.1 Principles
a. Principle of legality: In the process of cooperating with partners, any data usage activities must have a legitimate purpose and comply with the legal basis of legality. If the partner's use of information no longer complies with the principle of legality, they should not use your personal information again, or use it after obtaining the corresponding legal basis.
b. Principle of legitimacy and minimum necessity: Data use must have a legitimate purpose and should be limited to what is necessary to achieve the purpose.
c. Principle of safety and prudence: We will carefully evaluate the purpose of data usage by our partners, conduct a comprehensive assessment of their security capabilities, and require them to comply with the cooperation legal agreement. We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by our partners to obtain information, in order to protect data security. List of Third Party Information Sharing
3.1.2 Commissioned Processing
For the scenario of entrusting the processing of personal information, we will sign relevant processing agreements with the entrusted partner in accordance with legal provisions, and supervise their personal information use activities.
3.1.3 Joint processing
For the scenario of jointly processing personal information, we will sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal provisions and agree on their respective rights and obligations, ensuring compliance with legal provisions and protection of data security in the process of using relevant personal information.
3.1.4 Scope of Partners
If the specific functions and scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates or third parties, the scope of cooperation includes our affiliates and third parties.
3.1.5 Data usage for implementing functions or services
a. When you use the features provided by our partners in Today's Headlines, or the services jointly provided by software service providers, smart device providers, system service providers, and us, we may use the necessary information to achieve business purposes, conduct comprehensive statistics, and form indirect audience profiles to recommend, display, or push information that you may be interested in, or push specific features, services, or commercial advertisements that are more suitable for you.
b. Based on our cooperation with communication operators, when you use the "one click login" function of Today's Headlines, with your consent, we will work with the operator to provide you with quick login services using your phone number. Refusing the above use will result in you being unable to register and log in to Today's Headlines through the "one click login" method
However, it does not affect your ability to register and log in through other means, nor does it affect the normal use of other functions.
c. When you log in to affiliated or third-party applications or services using your Toutiao account, with your consent, the aforementioned applications or services will use your nickname, avatar, and other authorized information.
d. When you use the identity authentication function or related services, according to relevant laws, regulations, and security requirements, you may need to complete real name authentication to verify your identity. In the process of real name authentication, the authentication service organization we cooperate with needs to use your real name, ID card number, mobile phone number and face information. Some of the information is personal sensitive information. Refusing to use it will result in your inability to complete identity authentication, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions of Today's Headlines. These information are only for real name authentication and for the purposes specified by laws and regulations. Without your explicit authorization, they will not be used for any other purposes.
e. When you use location related services and weather related services, location service providers (Amap) and weather service providers (Moji Weather) may use the location information and device information collected by your GPS sensor through SDK or related technologies to return location results and accurate weather information to you. Refusing the above-mentioned use will only affect the geographic location service function and weather related services, but will not affect the normal use of other functions.
f. To adapt the message push function to the terminal model you are using, terminal device manufacturers (Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, VIVO, etc.) may use SDK and other technologies to use your phone model, version, and related device information.
g. The payment function is provided to you by payment institutions that cooperate with us. The partner payment institution will use your name, bank card type and card number, validity period, ID card number and mobile phone number to provide functions. These pieces of information are necessary for the payment function. Refusing to use them will result in you being unable to use the function, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions. Among them, the related services in Tiktok payment and wallet functions are provided to you by us and Tiktok Payment Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tiktok Payment").
h. When you use third-party mini programs, mini games, and other applications accessed by Today's Headlines, if the mini programs or mini games require the use of your personal information, you will apply for your authorization and consent. We will not provide your personal information to these developers (or operators) without your consent. Some third-party applications may apply for system permissions such as geolocation, camera, microphone, etc. from you, and you can revoke the authorization in the third-party application.
i. The shopping function in Today's Headlines is provided to you by the e-commerce platform we cooperate with. E-commerce platforms may need to collect relevant information about your browsing and purchasing of products. For further information, you can refer to the corresponding privacy policy of the cooperating party. Especially, when you use the "Order" function of Today's Headlines, we may use your order information with the relevant service providers you have placed an order with to facilitate your unified query of order information.
j. Customer Service: In order to promptly handle your complaints, suggestions, and other appeals, the customer service provider needs to use your account and relevant information about the events involved to understand, handle, and respond to related issues in a timely manner.
3.1.6 Implementation of Data Usage for Advertising and Promotion Business
a. Advertising push and placement: In order to achieve advertising and promotion, as well as related analysis services, and optimize and improve the effective reach of advertising and promotion, the following partners need to use de identified or anonymized device, network, channel information, location, and tag information:
Advertisers/promoters, or partners who provide advertising, promotion, and related analysis services;
A partner who collaborates with advertisers/promoters to provide advertising, promotion, and related analysis services.
b. Statistical analysis: Partners engaged in advertising and promotion, as well as providing related analysis services, may need to use your device, network, click through, browse, display, and conversion data of advertising and promotion to analyze, measure, and enhance the effectiveness of advertising and promotion services.
c. The use of information by partners: Advertising and promotion partners may combine the above information with other legally obtained data to optimize advertising and promotion effects. We will require their use of information to follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity, and protect users' legitimate rights from infringement.
d. Advertising retention information: When you actively fill in your contact information, address, and other information on the advertising and promotion display page provided by the advertiser or their commissioned service provider, this information may be directly collected and used by the advertiser.
e. Autonomous management of advertising identifiers: You can manage (disable or reset) modifiable advertising identifiers (such as OAID, IDFA) through the channels provided by the terminal device. Different versions of identifiers may have different validity periods and whether they can be disabled or reset by the user. For example, some mobile phones can be reset in the device system settings through 【 Settings - Privacy - Tracking Management 】.
View, understand, and manage advertising push notifications
3.1.7 Provide information for security and analysis statistics implementation
a. Ensuring usage security: We attach great importance to account, service, and content security. To ensure the safety of your and other users' accounts and property, and to protect your and our legitimate rights and interests from illegal infringement, our partners may use necessary equipment, accounts, and log information. To ensure the security of user accounts, when we identify that the mobile phone number you use to log in to your account has a risk of secondary account activation, we will provide your mobile phone number and account registration time to the communication operator for secondary account verification to ensure the security of your account.
b. Analyzing product situation: In order to analyze the usage and performance of our product, our partners may need information on the usage of the product (crashes, crashes), device identification information, overall application installation and usage, etc.
c. To enhance research capabilities in related fields and promote technological development, we may use de identified or anonymized data with cooperating research institutes, universities, and other institutions, while ensuring data security and legitimate purposes.
3.1.8 Help you participate in marketing and promotional activities
When you choose to participate in marketing activities organized by us and our partners, in order to ensure that you receive
We may need to use your name, mailing address, contact information, and bank account information (the information used in different activities may vary, subject to marketing rules) to provide consistent service experience or entrust our partners to promptly redeem rewards to you. Refusing the above use may affect your participation in related activities, but it will not affect other functions.
3.2 Transfer
As our business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, and asset transfers, which may result in the transfer of your personal information. When the aforementioned changes occur, we will require the recipient to continue fulfilling the obligations of a personal information processor in accordance with laws and regulations and security standards not lower than those stated in this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, we will require the recipient to obtain your authorization and consent again.
3.3 Public disclosure
3.3.1 We will not disclose your personal information unless we comply with national laws and regulations or obtain your consent. We will adopt security measures that comply with industry standards when disclosing your personal information.
When issuing punishment notices for illegal accounts and fraudulent behavior, we will disclose information about the relevant accounts.
3.3.3 Public welfare projects such as "searching for people" and "chasing fugitives" will disclose information related to the event in accordance with legal regulations and your explicit authorization. After the event is over, we will promptly delete the disclosed personal sensitive information.
3.3.4 After you authorize the game or mini program, your and your friends' avatars and nicknames will be displayed in the ranking and related functions.
3.3.5 Your publicly released works, follow list, number of followers, fan list, and number of followers will be displayed on your personal homepage.
3.4 Personal Information Exempted from Consent to Provide and Disclose According to Law
Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization or consent to provide or disclose your personal information to our partners:
a. What is necessary for us to fulfill the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations;
b. Directly related to national security and defense security;
c. Necessary for safeguarding public safety, public health, and major public interests;
d. Necessary for criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
e. Necessary for safeguarding your or others' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but difficult to obtain my authorization and consent;
f. The personal information you disclose to the public on your own;
g. Necessary for signing and fulfilling contracts according to the requirements of the personal information subject;
h. Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
i. Necessary for conducting legitimate news reporting;
j. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
4. How do we store personal information
4.1 Storage location
We will store your personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations. At present, we will not transmit the above information overseas. If we do, we will strictly comply with relevant Chinese laws and regulatory policies, and will follow relevant national regulations or seek your consent.
4.2 Storage period
We only retain your personal information for the period necessary to provide Today's Headlines and services, such as:
Mobile phone number: When you register and log in using your mobile phone number, we need to continuously retain your mobile phone number in order to provide you with normal services, respond to your possible inquiries and customer complaints, and ensure the security of your account and system.
The information, comments, likes, favorites, and other related information you post will be retained by us for the purpose of providing you with ongoing business functions until you withdraw, delete, or cancel your account.
If you cancel your account, voluntarily delete personal information, or exceed the necessary period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except for the following situations:
Comply with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations on information retention (for example, the Electronic Commerce Law stipulates that the retention time of product and service information, as well as transaction information, shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction).
Reasonable extension of the deadline is required for financial, auditing, dispute resolution, and other purposes.
5. How do we protect the security of personal information
5.1 We attach great importance to the security of your personal information and will strive to take reasonable security measures (including technical and management aspects) to protect your personal information, prevent the personal information you provide from being improperly used or accessed, publicly disclosed, used, modified, damaged, lost or leaked without authorization. At present, Toutiao has passed the evaluation and filing of the national information security level protection (Level 3), and has obtained the internationally authoritative ISO27001 information security certification.
5.2 We will use encryption technology, anonymization, and other reasonable and feasible means that are not inferior to those of our industry peers to protect your personal information, and use security protection mechanisms to prevent your personal information from being maliciously attacked.
5.3 We will establish a dedicated security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt strict data usage and access regulations to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information, and timely update data and technology
Conduct security audits on the technology.
5.4 Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by the relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen the security measures, we cannot always guarantee the security of information 100% due to technical restrictions and possible malicious means. We will try our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide us.
5.5 You acknowledge and understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may encounter issues due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your account password and related personal information to others.
5.6 We will develop emergency response plans and immediately activate them in case of user information security incidents, striving to prevent these security incidents
The impact and consequences have expanded. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss) occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through push notifications, emails, letters, text messages, and other related forms. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of user information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities.
5.7 Once you leave Today's Headlines and related services, browse or use other websites, services and content resources, we will have no ability or direct obligation to protect any personal information you submit on software or websites outside of Today's Headlines and related services, regardless of whether you log in, browse or use the above software or websites based on the links or guidance of "Today's Headlines".
6. Algorithms and Automated Decision Making
In order to provide you with rich and diverse product services and ensure the safe operation of our products, our product features use various algorithm services. Below, we will explain in detail the various algorithm services we use, as well as their basic principles, purpose intentions, and main operating mechanisms, to help you fully understand the situation of the algorithm services we use and protect your right to know and choose.
Under the premise of being processed by secure encryption technology, strictly de identified, and unable to re identify specific individuals, we may use the collected data for model training of algorithms and continuously adjust and optimize the effectiveness of the algorithms. You can click here to view the algorithm filing disclosure instructions.
6.1 Personalized Recommendations
In order to showcase and recommend more relevant information and advertisements to you, and provide services that better meet your requirements, Today's Headlines will provide you with personalized recommendation services. Below, we will explain in detail the operation mechanism of this personalized product service and the way you achieve control.
6.1.1 Personalized Recommendation Mechanism
a. Our scope of providing personalized recommendation services includes but is not limited to displaying information, web pages, articles, and other graphic or video content, providing search results, recommending products and advertisements, providing personalized product features, recommending friends you may know, etc.
b. In order to provide you with personalized services, we may collect and use your device information (including hardware model, operating system version, device identifier, network device hardware address, device sensor information), location information (including GPS sensor, WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station information, IP address), your behavior information when using the product (including your click, follow, bookmark, search, query, browse, download, share, and transaction records when accessing/using the product), as well as other information collected from this product authorized by you and provided by other partners. The system will automatically analyze and calculate the above information, predict your preference characteristics, and provide personalized recommended content and services based on the calculation results.
c. We will train and provide real-time feedback on the recommendation model based on your browsing behavior while using the product, continuously adjusting and optimizing the recommendation results. In order to meet your diverse needs and avoid excessive concentration of similar content, we will comprehensively use diversified technologies to automate the processing of content, and better provide you with high-quality content and services.
6.1.2 Control and Management of Personalized Recommendations
You can control personalized recommendations for information content through the following methods:
a. Turn off personalized recommendations
You can turn on or off the personalized recommendation function through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personalized Recommendation Settings". When you choose to turn off personalized recommendation, the "Recommendation" channel will no longer be displayed to you, and you will not be able to enjoy personalized recommendation services, but you can still browse non personalized recommendation content such as follow, popular, and news channels;
Autonomous decision to receive personalized advertising information: You can choose to turn off or turn on receiving personalized advertising in "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Advertising Settings" - "Personalized Advertising Display Settings". Personalized advertising is one of the advertising display technologies, which is intelligently recommended by advertisers based on your preferences within their applications. When you turn off personalized ads, you will no longer receive such ads, but you will still see them. The number of ads will not change, but the relevance of the ads will decrease.
b. Withdraw the features used for personalized recommendations
You can disable system settings or location permissions through the path provided in section 7.1 of this policy. After disabling the permission, we will no longer collect information related to that permission for personalized recommendations.
You can also turn off personalized recommendations by selecting "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personalized Recommendation Settings" - "Set Recommendation Preferences". You can turn off personalized recommendations based on geographic location, search behavior, or follow. After partially turning off the personalized recommendation function, we will not use the corresponding information to make personalized recommendations to you.
You can activate the incognito reading feature by going to "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personal Information Protection Settings" - "incognito Reading". During the incognito reading period, we will no longer record or collect your behavior information such as clicking and browsing content, and the above information will no longer be used for personalized recommendations.
c. Block tags
You can view, add, and remove content blocking tags through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Content Blocking Management". After adding a content blocking tag, we will no longer recommend or reduce such content to you. You can also independently add/reduce and sort relevant interest channels before reading information, and control the type of personalized recommended content.
You can operate through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Clear Historical Reading Interest".
d. Explore diverse content
You can adjust the level of content diversity by going to "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personalized Recommendation Settings" - "Content Richness". After selecting a higher content richness, we will try to recommend more rich content to you beyond what you often see.
e. Historical Interest Reset
You can turn on "Clear Historical Reading Interest" by selecting "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Clear Historical Reading Interest". Once enabled, we will clear all your previous historical interests and inferred preferences, and the above information will no longer be used for personalized recommendations. We will re record your historical interests to form your preferences and provide personalized recommendation services.
f. Other controls and feedback
When you are not interested in specific information or wish to reduce the recommendation of certain types of information, you can click on the "X" in the information bar and select the relevant reasons. Based on your feedback, we will adjust the strategy and perform precise blocking. At the same time, we also provide a "feedback" portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
If you believe that some of our decisions in personalized recommendation services are made through automated decision-making and have a significant impact on your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through the methods provided in Article 10 of this policy to request an explanation. You have the right to refuse decisions made solely through automated decision-making.
6.2 Information Retrieval
6.2.1 Algorithm mechanism for information retrieval
When you use search services, we collect and analyze your search instructions (which may be in text, voice, or image form), search log information, in order to automatically provide you with search results.
We may also record the information you provide, generate, or retain while using our services, such as entering search terms, clicking on historical keywords, prompts, and clicked links when using search, or filtering search scopes, time ranges, and information submitted when participating in search operations. You have the right to refuse to provide the above information, but this may result in you being unable to use specific services or features, or unable to achieve the intended effects of the relevant services.
In order to show you search results with higher relevance, we will automatically sort the search results based on factors such as content relevance, timeliness, and authority. Some search results and related search terms may be displayed based on your search/browsing history, location information, log information, etc.
6.2.2 Control and Management of Information Retrieval
In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will also be temporarily stored on your local storage device and displayed to you as search result content and search history. You can view and delete your local search history by clicking the search box.
You can enable the incognito search function through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personal Information Collection Settings" - "incognito Search". After enabling it, your search history and corresponding browsing history will not be recorded and displayed locally, nor will they be used for personalized recommendations, but only for basic information services related to search and security protection.
6.3 Sorting Selection
We may provide you with recommendation lists in some service scenarios, such as Today's Headlines Hot List. In the list, we will automatically sort and display information content, users, etc. The data collected and used for ranking the rankings, as well as the specific rules for ranking, sorting, and feedback, can be viewed through the ranking rules on each ranking page.
7. Manage your personal information
We attach great importance to your management of personal information and make every effort to protect your rights to access, copy, correct, supplement, delete, revoke consent authorization, cancel account, and file complaints, so that you have the ability to protect your privacy and information security. In order to optimize your user experience, we may also adjust the operation settings, so the following guidelines are for reference only.
7.1 Change or Withdrawal of Authorization Scope
7.1.1 Change or revoke permissions
a. You can disable GPS sensors, cameras, microphones, photo albums (storage), calendars, physical activity recognition, address book permissions, change consent scope, or revoke your authorization in the device's own operating system. After disabling the authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions.
b. You can turn off or on calendar, storage space, audio and video (camera/microphone), precise location information, clipboard information, contacts, and access to app accounts by operating in "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personal Information Collection Settings". After disabling the authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions.
c. You can allow or prohibit us from using your address book to recommend friends to you through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Recommend Me to People You May Know". After disabling the authorization, we will no longer use your address book to recommend friends for you.
7.1.2 Changing or revoking account binding
a. You can unbind your account from third-party accounts in the "My" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" interface;
b. You can unbind your account from Today's Headlines account on the interface where the third-party account is located, subject to the specific functions set by the third-party platform.
c. You can also turn off the feature of recommending you to contacts in "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Allow me to be recommended to contacts".
7.1.3 Information processing for changing or revoking authorization
Specific business functions and services will require your information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the functions and services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing carried out by the company based on your authorization.
7.2 Your Personal Information Rights
7.2.1 Search, Correction, and Deletion
Today's Headlines not only provides personalized information, but also offers rich additional functions and services. We have set up personal information management guidelines for users to inform and guide them on how to manage their personal information. You can choose to use them or enable and manage them in the "Settings". Understand the guidelines for information management
a. You can check the type, name, purpose, scenario, collection situation, and specific content of your personal information collected by Today's Headlines through "My" - "Settings" - "Personal Information Collection List". You can also modify, correct, or delete some of your personal information.
b. You can correct or delete some of your personal information in various ways on Today's Headlines
Information.
You can manage your account information or cancel your account, such as phone number and password, through "My" - "Settings" - "Account and Security".
If your account encounters an emergency situation such as theft, you can enter the Headline Security Center to lock your account (path: Settings - Account and Security - Headline Security Center), and all devices that have already logged in will be forcibly logged out; You can also choose to unlock and restore normal account usage.
You can query and modify your basic profile information through "My" - "Settings" - "Edit Profile", including your avatar, username, profile, background image, gender, birthday, school, and occupation.
You can delete your historical interests and inferred preferences by going to "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Clear Historical Reading Interests"
You can query and edit your blacklist through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Blacklist Settings".
You can search and edit your follow list and fan list through "My" - "Follow" and "Fans".
Search box - allows you to query, delete, and clear your search history with just one click.
Through "My" - "My Content", you can query and delete your posting history, browsing history, comment history, like history, favorite history, download history, and also query your appointment, push history, and report history.
You can manage your draft box and upload your works through "My" - "Works".
You can manage your red envelopes, headline coins, payment real name information, bank card information, and other payment related information through "My" - "All" - "Wallet".
You can manage your shipping address through "My" - "All" - "Address Management".
You can manage your order information through "My" - "My Orders".
Special reminder: Due to security and identity recognition considerations (such as number appeal services), you may not be able to independently modify certain initial registration information submitted during registration. If you really need to modify this type of registration information, please contact us using the contact information provided in this privacy policy.
7.2.2 Copy and Export
You can export and download a copy of your personal information collected by Today's Headlines through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "Personal Information Download".
In addition to the above, if you or other authorized parties have any claims, requests, or questions regarding the exercise of your personal information rights granted by relevant laws and regulations, you can use the online customer service system/send an email to Dataprivacy@bytedance.com /Please call our customer service hotline 957121 to contact us. We will review the issue as soon as possible and reply within fifteen working days after verifying your user identity.
7.2.3 Protection of Personal Information of the Deceased
We will continue to ensure the security of our user information. If a user of Today's Headlines unfortunately passes away, their close relatives (hereinafter referred to as "the deceased's close relatives") may contact us through the methods listed in Article 10 of this privacy policy for their own legal and legitimate interests, and exercise the rights to access, copy, correct, delete, and other relevant personal information of the deceased, provided that it does not violate the deceased's arrangements before death and does not infringe on the legitimate interests of others and the public. In order to fully protect the personal information rights and interests of the deceased, the close relatives of the deceased who apply to exercise such rights need to complete identity verification procedures, and promise and guarantee that the exercise of such rights by the close relatives of the deceased does not violate the arrangements made before the deceased's death, and that the purpose of exercising such rights is legal and legitimate.
7.2.4 Control Visible Range/Personal Information Management Instructions
You can control the visibility of your personal information through "My" - "Settings" - "Edit Profile".
7.2.5 In the following situations, you may request the deletion of personal information from us:
a. The processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
b. We cease to provide products or services, or the retention period has expired;
c. Individual withdrawal of consent
d. If our handling of personal information violates laws, administrative regulations, or agreements with you;
e. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
Personal information deletion: refers to the act of removing personal information from systems involved in daily business functions, so that it remains unretrievable and inaccessible. When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technology limitations, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and restrict any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
7.3 Account Cancellation
You can apply for account cancellation in the "Account and Security" section of Today's Headlines. Before you cancel your account, we will verify your personal identity, security status, device information, etc. We will process your application promptly upon receipt and respond to your request within fifteen working days or the time limit required by laws and regulations. You acknowledge and understand that the act of canceling an account is irreversible. After you cancel your account, we will delete relevant information about you or anonymize it, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations, and relevant national standards.
For the process and content of account cancellation, please refer to the "Account Cancellation Notice".
7.4 Feedback and Complaints
You can file a complaint or report according to our publicized system. If you have any opinions or believe that your personal information rights may be infringed, or if you discover clues of infringement of your personal information rights, you can contact us through "My" - "Settings" - "User Feedback", enter the user feedback interface, or call the official customer service hotline 957121 to contact us. After verification, we will provide feedback on your complaint and report within fifteen working days. When you use the voice function in customer service, we will apply for microphone permission so that you can contact customer service.
7.5 Access Privacy Policy
7.5.1 You can view the entire content of this privacy policy on the registration page, or in "My" - "Settings", or through the www.outiao.com website.
7.5.2 Please be aware that the "Today's Headlines" and related services described in this privacy policy may be subject to your
The phone model, system version, software application version, mobile client, and other factors used may vary. The final product and service will be based on the "Today's Headlines" software and related services you use.
7.6 Stop operation and inform you
Today's Headlines is willing to accompany you all the time. If we cease operations, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information. We will notify you of the cessation of operations in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold about you.
8. Provisions for Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. Today's headlines are mainly aimed at adults.
8.1 If you are a minor under the age of 18, before using this product and related services, you should jointly read and agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians.
8.2 If you are the guardian of a minor under the age of 14, you should read and agree to this privacy policy for your guardian before using Today's Headlines and related services.
8.3 We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. We will only collect, use, or disclose the personal information of minors when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or other guardians, or when necessary to protect minors; If we discover that personal information of minors has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from their guardians in advance, we will try our best to delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
8.4 If you are the guardian of a minor and have any other questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in this privacy policy of the company.
9. Revision and Notification of Privacy Policy
9.1 In order to provide you with better services, Toutiao and related services will be updated and changed from time to time. We will revise this privacy policy in a timely manner, and these revisions constitute a part of this privacy policy and have the same effect as this privacy policy. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you should enjoy under the current effective privacy policy.
9.2 After the update of this privacy policy, we will issue an updated version on Today's Headlines and notify you of the updated content through the official website (www.toutiao. com) or other appropriate means before the updated terms take effect, so that you can keep up with the latest version of this privacy policy in a timely manner.
10. Contact Us
10.1 Today's headlines are provided by Tiktok Information Service Co., Ltd. If you have complaints, suggestions and questions about personal information protection, you can choose to contact us through the following ways:
You can send the question to（ Dataprivacy@bytedance.com ）
Mailed to the Data and Privacy Center of the Legal Department, Building A, Rongxin, Chaoyang District, Beijing
We will promptly provide feedback on your complaints and reports after verifying your user identity.
10.2 If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this privacy policy, you can contact us through the "User Feedback" page in the "Today's Headlines" client or through the "Contact Us - User Feedback" entrance on the official website (www.toutiao. com) homepage.
