If you or your guardian do not agree with any content of this privacy policy, you should immediately stop using Homework Help products or services. When you use any of the services provided by Homework Help, you agree to our collection, use, storage, and protection of your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy.
We will take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information in accordance with mature industry security standards.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 Scope of application
2、 How do we collect and use your personal information
3、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
4、 How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
5、 How do you manage your information and account cancellation
6、 How do we store your personal information
7、 How do we protect your personal information
8、 Protection of Minors
9、 Revision of this policy
10、 Dispute jurisdiction
11、 Contact Us
1、 Scope of application
1. This privacy policy applies to all services provided by Job Help, except for certain specific products and services. These specific products and services will be subject to specific privacy policies.
Please be aware that if you provide personal information to third-party websites or use third-party products or services, your information should be subject to the third-party's privacy policy, and we do not assume any legal responsibility. Please be sure to carefully read the third-party's privacy policy and confirm whether you accept it.
2、 How do we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
Normally, personal information of children under the age of 14 (inclusive) is considered sensitive personal information.
The products and services we provide rely on some of your information to operate. Therefore, when you use Homework Help, you need to provide us with or allow us to collect necessary information for us to use to provide you with basic and better services. Based on different business functions, we divide the types of personal information we collect and use into two categories: one is the information necessary to achieve the basic business functions of the products and services and the information that may need to be collected. The information necessary to achieve the basic business functions of the products and services is necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide it, we will not be able to provide you with the basic business functions and corresponding services; The second is the information that may need to be collected to expand business functions. You can choose whether to provide or authorize us to collect it, and we will process this personal information based on your authorized consent or for the purposes necessary to achieve the expanded business functions you have chosen. If you refuse to provide, we will not be able to provide you with extended business functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic business functions.
We will collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
1.1 Registration and Login
Registration and login:
One click login: We cooperate with telecom operators to provide you with the "one click login" function. When you use this function, with your consent, the operator will send us the phone number in your device, which will serve as your registration and login account and is exempt from password or dynamic verification code verification, providing you with fast registration and login services.
Authorized login:
If you do not provide the information required for any of the above login methods, you will only be able to browse and understand Homework Help, and will not be able to enjoy related services; If you only need to browse and learn about homework assistance, you do not need to register as our user and provide the above information.
1.2 Real name authentication
Perform identity authentication
Name, ID number number
Basic Account Information
After registering and logging in, you can choose to fill in your nickname, personal profile, grade level, school, upload your profile picture. Uploading your profile picture requires obtaining your camera (which may use an accelerometer function to determine the shooting angle, but will not collect your personal information data) or album permissions. Choosing the school requires obtaining your location information to improve your personal information, display your self introduction, recommend local learning materials to you, and facilitate uploading and sharing school materials. If you do not want to receive recommended learning materials, you can set them in "Homework Help APP - Me - Settings - System Settings". You can fill in your QQ information in the "Homework Help APP - Me - Settings - Account and Security - My QQ" section to distribute virtual rewards and push online activities to you. You can choose whether to provide the above information based on whether you need the above services; If not provided, it will not affect your use of other features and services of this product.
Account information disclosure: Your personal information will be displayed in "Homework Help APP - My Profile - Edit Information", "Homework Help APP - My Settings - Account and Security". Your collection records and viewing history of Listening Learning can be displayed in "Home Page - Interest Expansion - Listening Learning". My question records, practice records, error book records, and collection content will be displayed in "Homework Help App - My Homework Tools".
Maintain the normal operation of basic functions, network and operational security
1.4.1 When you first open the Homework Help app, we will receive and record information related to the device you are using, including device model (phone style), software system version, phone brand, screen size, MAC address (default system randomly assigned, users can also choose the factory fixed device MAC address), after obtaining your authorization, for compatibility testing, quickly discovering faulty models, and selecting the appropriate interface; The storage card capacity and memory size are used to remind you to clear cache and optimize products when your remaining space is insufficient; Operator information and base station information are used to determine the corresponding operator services requested, as well as to identify and analyze App operation issues and optimize product functionality; Device time zone, device language, CPU information, boot time, country code, default input method, default browser, system update time, IDFV (only available on IOS system), prevention and control of black production for locating and analyzing problems, and statistical analysis of app operation issues; IMEI in phone permissions IMSI、MEID、ICCID、 Device serial number (may only be obtained for Android versions below 10, Android 10)
And above versions are no longer available), used to identify devices, maintain the normal operation of basic functions, network and operational security; OAID (where if you use a Huawei phone, collecting OAID information is achieved by invoking the Huawei HMS Core app), Android ID (which may be obtained multiple times), IDFA (only obtained by the IOS system with user authorization), user identification device, and statistics on the number and proportion of app running errors and anomalies; Log information (including IP addresses, operation logs, and service logs) is used for log recording, in order to analyze and investigate the causes of user failures, and to fulfill the obligation of log storage as stipulated in the Cybersecurity Law; WIFI information (including SSID information), obtaining network status information for determining network changes and completing network positioning functions; Task list, perform performance testing and user identification on user devices; The device application installation list is used to verify whether the device you are using is a legitimate device, perform security verification, and ensure the security of your account and transactions.
1.4.2 In order to perform performance testing and user identification on your device, when the Job Help APP is running in the background, it may read your relevant information again, including MAC address, task list, and Wi Fi information. We will control the reading frequency within a reasonable range.
1.4.3 When you use the Homework Help APP, in order to ensure your normal use of our services, maintain the normal operation of our services, improve and optimize our service experience, and ensure the security of your account, we will collect your operation logs for analyzing functional data; Service logs (system logs, stack information, operation paths, exception information) are provided to facilitate our analysis and troubleshooting of the causes of user failures.
Purchase goods, recharge services, place orders, and deliver
Recharge records, transaction and consumption records are sensitive personal information, and collecting such information is necessary to achieve consumption functions, otherwise transactions cannot be completed.
1.5.2 After you successfully place an order, if the goods/services are provided by a third-party merchant or require third-party delivery, in order to complete the delivery and delivery of the goods/services to you, the third-party merchant and logistics service provider will inevitably obtain your recipient information. We promise to make every effort to ensure the security of your personal information, strictly requiring merchants and third-party delivery companies to keep your personal information confidential, only for the purpose of delivering goods and distribution, and not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. At the same time, for the purpose of providing you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we may need to be informed and confirm the delivery progress and status in a timely manner. You agree that we may collect information related to the delivery progress from the aforementioned parties.
Given that the Homework Help Smart App and Homework Help App share the same account system, your Homework Help smart hardware product orders in the Homework Help App store will be displayed synchronously in your Homework Help Smart App, making it easier for you to check your smart hardware product order information.
1.6 Market Activities
When you participate in our marketing activities, we may require you to fill in your shipping information (including recipient name, courier address, phone number) through the operation activity interface in order to contact you and send you operation rewards. If you do not participate in relevant operational activities, you do not need to provide the aforementioned information, which will not affect your use of other functions and services of this product.
1.7 Customer Service
When you contact us, if you use the online customer service function, you need to obtain your microphone (recording) permission, screen constant light permission. When switching to manual service, if you choose to select pictures or video files from the album, you need to obtain your album permission. If you choose to take photos or shoot, you need to obtain your camera permission to provide customer service for you. We may save your communication or call records and content to assist you in resolving issues, or to document the solutions and results of related issues. Our customer service will use your account information to verify your identity with you. You may provide additional information beyond the above when communicating with our customer service personnel. If not provided, it will not affect your use of other features and services of this product.
Permissions required for business functions
1.8.1 Based on the implementation of business functions, each business function may collect your system permissions, as follows:
1.8.1.1 Basic Business Functions:
Search for Q&A:
Homework correction:
VIP: We provide learning report services and exam paper download services for VIP member users. We require your storage/(and photo album) permissions to provide services for sending learning reports and downloading exam papers; When using the printing function, obtain your Bluetooth permission for connecting and adapting Bluetooth devices.
Chinese composition:
Word search:
Wrong question book: When recording wrong questions, you need to obtain permission from your camera to quickly input questions and select wrong questions. During shooting, gyroscope, acceleration (gravity), and magnetic field sensors will be used to determine whether your phone is flat when taking photos, prompting you to take the correct photo. However, it will not analyze your usage patterns or status, nor collect your personal information data through sensors; When downloading a wrong question, you need to obtain your storage/(and photo album) permission to save files or cache information to your phone; When using the printing function, obtain your Bluetooth permission for connecting and adapting Bluetooth devices.
Taking test papers: When re practicing the test paper, beautifying the homework, uploading pictures of the test paper, downloading the test paper for viewing, obtaining your storage/(and photo album) permissions, used for re practicing the test paper, beautifying the homework, uploading pictures when taking the test paper, and saving the test paper to the cloud for downloading the test paper; When uploading the test paper, we will obtain your camera permission, which will be used for paper review, homework beautification, and capturing the required content when taking photos of the test paper. During the shooting process, we will use gyroscope, acceleration (gravity), and magnetic field sensor functions to determine whether your phone is flat when taking photos, prompting you to take photos correctly. However, we will not analyze your usage patterns or status, nor collect your personal information data through sensors.
Exam paper library: When selecting a grade, obtain your geographical location permission for more accurate matching of learning
Information and local test paper matching services. If you do not authorize geographic location permissions, we will display potentially relevant content or services to you based on the city corresponding to your IP address; When using the printing function, obtain your Bluetooth permission for connecting and adapting Bluetooth devices.
Classical Chinese analysis:
Must memorize ancient poems:
Browse APP activities: Get your calendar permission to remind you to participate in activities.
Listening and learning audio playback function:
Wrong question pen function:
1.8.1.2 Expanding Business Functions:
Mall: When users return goods, take photos and upload pictures, they will obtain your camera permission (which may use the accelerometer function to determine the shooting angle, but will not collect your personal information data). When selecting pictures to upload from the album, they will obtain your storage/(and album) permission; When providing product/order information communication, as well as after-sales related functions and services after purchase, we will obtain your permission to keep the screen on, which will be used to provide you with customer service and after-sales service.
1.9 In addition, when you use the Homework Help APP, we may require you to enable other access permissions for the device in the relevant business functions. If you do not need to use the relevant business functions, you can refuse to enable these permissions without affecting your use of other functions and services of this product. The detailed permissions and usage purposes are as follows:
1.9.1 When you first launch the Homework Help APP, we will apply for the permission to create custom shortcut icons for creating shortcuts to learning tools.
1.9.2 When you need to transfer files using online customer service, we will apply for permission to access multimedia files, which will be used to transmit images, audio, and video files during customer service communication to help you solve the problem.
1.9.3 Mobile phone vibration permission, used to implement the function of pushing new message reminders.
1.9.4 Push permission, used to support message push functionality.
1.9.5 Read and write system settings permissions are used to cache user device information data.
1.9.6 Obtain the recent task list permission of the program to determine the running status of the job assistant APP.
Display notification permissions after downloading 1.9.7, used to display progress in the notification bar during internal upgrades.
1.9.8 When you need to scan a QR code, we will apply for flash permission to recognize and generate the QR code.
1.9.9 When you log in to the Homework Help APP, we will apply for permission to read the Homework Help account information for the APP to log in to the account.
1.9.10 Apply for screen casting permission to support screen casting function.
1.9.11 If you are using a Huawei phone, we will apply for Huawei desktop corner marker permission to enable the icon corner marker reminder function.
1.9.12 When you use the screen to shake, we will call the device's acceleration sensor to identify and determine whether the device is shaking, in order for you to participate in operational activities; But we will not analyze your usage patterns or status, nor will we collect your personal information data through sensors.
1.9.13 When you participate in our operational activities and copy the password to the activity, we will obtain your clipboard information for your participation in the operational activities; In addition, in order to analyze statistical indicators of application addition, activation, retention, and performance, we may call the clipboard to perform attribution analysis on relevant statistical information, but we will not send back any other information you have written into the clipboard, nor will we collect your privacy information.
1.9.14 Homework Help APP provides the function of adding widgets to the desktop. When you add widgets to the desktop, the system will call Homework Help APP to update widget information. This process may obtain your application installation list, Android ID, and device hardware serial number (only Android 10 and below versions may be obtained, Android 10 and above versions are no longer obtained).
Exceptions with prior consent:
2.1 is necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract we have signed with you;
2.2 Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
2.3 Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
2.4 To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
2.5 Process personal information that individuals have voluntarily disclosed or other legally disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations;
2.6 Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
Anonymization processing
We will promptly anonymize the information we collect from you through technical means. On the premise of not disclosing your personal information, we have the right to analyze, mine and utilize anonymized user data, and have the right to conduct statistical analysis on the use of Homework Help products and use them for possible third-party information sharing.
Personalized service
We will extract your preference features based on your browsing, usage history, and filled in information, and may also combine your information for data analysis to provide personalized services for you in the following scenarios: I - daily check-in, search results page - guess what you want to shoot, homepage - bottom content recommendation feed stream. If you do not need personalized services for daily check-in and homepage bottom content recommendation feed streams, you can turn them off in "Homework Help APP - My - Settings - System Settings - Personalized Recommendations". If you do not need to guess the personalized service you want to take, you can turn it off in "Homework Help APP - My - Settings - System Settings - Guess You Want to Take". After the corresponding switch is turned off, we will stop providing personalized recommendations for you. Daily check-in will only provide personalized services for you when you are logged in. If you are not logged in, personalized services will not be accessed. If you need to delete the tags of personal characteristics, you can contact customer service to delete them and send an email to gerenxinxi@zuoyebang.com , or call customer service at 400-611-0000.
3、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
We or our third-party partners may use cookies and web beacons to
Collect and use your information, and store it as log information. We use our own cookies and web beacons to provide you with a better user experience and service, and for the following purposes:
1. Remember your identity. For example, cookies and web beacons help us identify you as our registered user or store the information you provide us about your preferences or other information.
2. Analyze your usage of our services. For example, we can use cookies and web beacons to understand what activities you engage in using our services, or which services are most popular with you.
We may use cookies and web beacons for the aforementioned purposes, and may also provide non personally identifiable information collected through cookies and web beacons to other partners after statistical processing, in order to analyze how users use our services.
Our products and services may have cookies and web beacons placed by other partners. These cookies and web beacons may collect non personally identifiable information related to you for the purpose of analyzing how you use such products or services. These third-party cookies and web beacons collect and use this information, which is not subject to this privacy policy, but rather to the privacy policies of relevant third parties. We are not responsible for such cookies and web beacons.
However, please note that if cookies or web beacons are disabled, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience, and some products or services may also not function properly
You can refuse or manage cookies through your browser settings. However, please note that if cookies or web beacons are disabled, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience, and some products or services may not function properly.
4、 How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
1. We will treat your information with a high degree of diligence. Unless we obtain your explicit consent, we will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual outside of our company, except for those that cannot be identified or restored after processing. It is inevitable that in order to provide you with comprehensive and high-quality services, we need to cooperate with third-party partners to provide you with services and share some of your personal information with them. At present, we will seek your authorization and consent to share personal information in the following situations:
1.1 Some services in the Homework Help APP are provided by other entities: The Homework Help APP provides a learning pen function. To ensure your information synchronization, this function needs to be bound to the hardware product of the learning pen using the same account as the Homework Help Intelligent APP. If you have not registered for the Homework Help Intelligent APP, you can authorize the registration of the Homework Help Intelligent APP account when binding the learning pen on the Homework Help APP. When logging into the Homework Help Intelligent APP account, you can use the authorized account to log in.
1.2 The products in the mall will be shipped by third-party merchants on behalf of you. In order to meet your purchasing needs (including enjoying after-sales service), we will share your order information and transaction related information with the third-party merchants on behalf of you. The delivery service is provided by a third-party logistics company. To ensure that you receive the goods smoothly, we will share your order and recipient information with the third-party logistics company.
1.3 Based on technical requirements, the Homework Help APP needs to integrate third-party software development kits (SDKs). The information required to be collected or shared with the integrated third-party SDK is as follows:
1.3.1 Homework Help APP integrates the Huitui SDK from Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd. The Huitui SDK needs to collect your device information (device attribute information: user's hardware model, operating system version, device configuration, unique device identifier, MAC address of WIFI hotspot, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI, IMSI), SIM card information, network device hardware address MAC Android ID (may be obtained multiple times) and device status information: device application installation list), log information (the server will automatically record the requests made by the user when accessing Baidu Huitui, hardware device information, operating system version, and the date, time, and duration of the end user's service access), location information (device location information), application list information, as well as your authorized device permissions to read/write to external storage cards, obtain location, access network, obtain network status, access phone status, access WIFI status, obtain running task list, read running process information, used for sending messages (including operational activities, version updates), please refer to the "Baidu Huitui Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.2 Given that the Homework Help APP integrates the Huitui SDK from Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd., the Huitui SDK integrates the PUSH SDK from Huawei/Oppo/Xiaomi/Vivo/Meizu. If you use a Huawei/Oppo/Vivo/Xiaomi/Meizu phone, the Huawei/Oppo/Vivo/Xiaomi/Meizu PUSH SDK needs to read your device information. Xiaomi Push needs to read your MAC address, WIFI information, system version, task list, International Mobile Device Identity (IMEI, IMSI), SSID information, unique device identifier, MAC address of WIFI hotspot, device type (phone manufacturer, network equipment manufacturer), and application installation list. Huawei SDK needs to read your application installation list to push notification bar messages. OPPO colorOS SDK collects your anonymous user ID for message push. Please refer to the "Huawei Consumer Business Privacy Statement" and "PUSH Personal Information" for details. Protection Policy, vivo Privacy Policy, Xiaomi Push Privacy Policy, Meizu Privacy Policy;
1.3.3 Homework Help APP integrates Huawei Terminal Co., Ltd.'s HMS Core SDK, HMS Core S
DK is the foundation of Huawei's SDK, which collects your WIFI information to improve Huawei's login SDK, payment SDK, push SDK and other Huawei mobile service functions, ensuring that push functions are implemented and can be safely and smoothly used when you need to use other Huawei mobile services. Please refer to the Huawei Consumer Business Privacy Statement for details;
1.3.4 Homework Help APP integrates the Baidu Map SDK from Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd. The Baidu Map SDK needs to obtain your network access permission, collect your phone style, WIFI information (WIFI information), SSID (SSID), MAC address (MAC address), unique device identifier, MAC address of WIFI hotspot, task list (task list), location information (latitude, longitude, location information), sensor information, and use them to locate nearby schools when you choose schools based on your personal information, providing you with better services. Please refer to the "Baidu Map Open Platform Product and Service Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.5 Homework Help APP integrates the Baidu Mobile Statistics SDK from Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd. The Baidu Mobile Statistics SDK needs to obtain your network access permission, collect your phone style, location information (latitude, longitude, location information), WIFI information (WIFI information), device application installation list, international mobile device identification code (IMEI, IMSI), device type (phone manufacturer, network device manufacturer), MAC address (MAC address), task list, browser type, language of use, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, as well as your required webpage records, device model, device identification code, operating system, resolution for data statistics, in order to provide a better service experience. Please refer to the "Baidu Statistics Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.6 JobHelp APP integrates Baidu AI Cloud SDK (Baidu AI Cloud) of Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd. Baidu Public Cloud SDK needs to obtain your network access rights, collect your mobile phone style information, so as to provide domain name resolution function based on HTTPDNS service, thereby improving the success rate of network requests. See Baidu AI Cloud Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.7 Homework Help APP integrates the LeBo screen casting SDK from Shenzhen LeBo Technology Co., Ltd. The LeBo screen casting SDK reads the device list and sensor information in your local area network for playback video screen casting. Please refer to the "Android SDK Privacy Policy" and "IOS SDK Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.8 Homework Help APP integrates the NetEase Qiyu SDK from Hangzhou NetEase Zhiyun Technology Co., Ltd. The NetEase Qiyu SDK collects your network information (network status, WIFI information, IP address) to understand the network status and changes of the device, thereby maximizing the stability of the network connection; When the sensor information permission is enabled, distance sensor information will be collected to sense whether the phone has been lifted to the ear, providing a better voice chat experience, reading task lists, recordings, reading photo albums and media files, and providing customer service conversation services for you. Please refer to the "NetEase Qiyu SDK Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.9 Homework Help APP integrates Google Inc.'s Zxing QR Code Scanning SDK, which obtains photo information, video information, network status information, and flash information to provide you with QR code scanning services. Please refer to the "Google Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.10 Homework Help APP integrates BuglySDK from Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. in Shenzhen. BuglySDK needs to obtain your International Mobile Device Identity (IMSI), network access permissions, collect your SIM card information, phone model, system version, phone style (phone style), unique device identifier, MAC address of WIFI hotspot, Crash environment: Crash information and thread stack, ROM/RAM/SD card capacity, network/language status APP information: package name, version, process name, device information: International Mobile Device Identity (IMEI, IMSI), to determine Crash device statistics. Please refer to the "Bugly SDK Personal Information Protection Rules" for details;
1.3.11 JobHelp APP integrates Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd.'s Alipay SDK, and Alipay SDK collects your international mobile device ID (IMEI, IMSI), Android ID, MAC address, hardware serial number ICCID、SSID、BSSID、 Sensor information, network type, operator information, WIFI status/parameters/list, system settings, system attributes, device brand, device model, operating system, and IP address are used to process and cache your payment orders and payment status. See Alipay Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.12 Homework Help APP integrates JD Payment SDK from Online Banking (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. The JD Payment SDK collects your International Mobile Device Identity (IMEI, IMSI), MAC address, system version, and network environment for processing and caching your payment orders and payment status. Please refer to the JD Wallet Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.13 Homework Help APP integrates the WeChat Open Platform SDK from Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. in Shenzhen. The WeChat Open Platform SDK will obtain network access permissions, collect your device identification information, device version, application installation list, and obtain network access permissions. It will be written to external storage files to support WeChat authorized login, WeChat sharing of content of interest, and WeChat payment. Please refer to the "WeChat OpenSDK Personal Information Processing Rules" for details;
1.3.14 Homework Help APP integrates the QQ Interconnect SDK from Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. in Shenzhen. The QQ Interconnect SDK collects your operating system information, device model information, clipboard information, memory card (SD card data) information, and application list information, which is used to share the content you are interested in to QQ and QQ Space. For details, please refer to
QQ Internet SDK Privacy Protection Statement;
1.3.15 Homework Help APP integrates the Tenpay SDK from Tenpay Payment Technology Co., Ltd. The Tenpay SDK collects your International Mobile Device Identity (IMEI, IMSI), MAC address, system version, and network environment to process and cache your payment orders and payment status, ensuring your safe use of payment services. Please refer to the Tenpay Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.16 Homework Help APP integrates the Weibo sharing SDK of Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. The Weibo sharing SDK collects your device identification information and device application installation list, which is used to share the content you are interested in on Sina Weibo. Please refer to the "Weibo Open Platform" for details;
1.3.17 JobHelp APP integrates the data roaming SDK (Tiktok Development Platform) of Beijing Volcano Engine Technology Co., Ltd., the data roaming SDK (Tiktok Development Platform) (APMInsight APP) reads your operator's name and region, (based on IP address) country/region information, device model, MAC address, task list (task list), operating system name and version information, system language and region, device resolution, mobile device country code, mobile device network code, APP version, advertising identifier information, unique device identifier (Android ID, which may be acquired multiple times), MAC address of WIFI hotspot, international mobile device identifier (IMEI, IMSI), domain name information, APP crash log information, operation path in case of APP exception and crash, used to provide APP performance monitoring services; The Data Roamer SDK (APM Insight Web) reads your domain name information, screen resolution, network type, operating system name and version information, browser name, type, version, and operation path when the page encounters abnormalities or crashes. It is used for web performance monitoring services. Please refer to the "Volcano Engine Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.18 Homework Help APP integrates Google Inc.'s Chromium (open source), which will read your unique device identifier, MAC address of WIFI hotspot, MAC address, WIFI information and SSID information, application installation list, recording permissions, and use them to complete network requests; Collect your GPS and other sensor information from your device to determine your location, in order to provide practical features such as search results for things around you. When the Homework Help app is in background mode, Chromium will read WIFI information, MAC address, and SSID information to continue executing unfinished network requests in the background. Please refer to the Google Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.19 Homework Help APP integrates Google Inc. Glide Image Loading SDK. The Glide Image Loading SDK will read your photo album and device type (phone manufacturer, network device manufacturer) for network image loading. Please refer to the Google Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.20 Homework Help APP integrates Alibaba Cloud's ARouter Alibaba SDK, which is used for component-based development and routing redirection, and does not collect your information. Please refer to the "Legal Statement and Privacy Policy" for details;
1.3.21 Homework Help APP integrates The Apache Software Foundation's (ASF) Apache SDK for establishing network connections. The Apache SDK does not collect your information and will not transmit it. Please refer to the Apache Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.22 Homework Help APP integrates the mobile intelligent terminal supplementary device identification system unified calling SDK of China Academy of Information and Communications Technology Mobile Security Alliance (MSA). The mobile intelligent terminal supplementary device identification system unified calling SDK does not actively collect any data, only obtains the following data when the APP is called for local judgment, and does not perform any network transmission: device manufacturer, device model, device brand, used to determine the network operator name of the terminal calling interface device, used to determine the virtual machine environment APP package name, used to verify signatures, used to access the mobile intelligent terminal supplementary device identification system and protect device identification. When the user uses a Huawei phone, the mobile intelligent terminal supplementary device identification system unified calling SDK collects OAID information by invoking the Huawei HMS Core APP, Please refer to the "Mobile Intelligent Device Identification Public Service Platform" for details;
1.3.23 Homework Help APP integrates the Alibaba Quinox framework open SDK from Alibaba Cloud Computing Co., Ltd. The Alibaba Quinox framework open SDK collects your MAC address IMEI、Android ID、 List of running applications and clipboard information, used for APP message push, improving user experience, managing front-end and back-end status, APM performance monitoring. Please refer to the Alibaba Cloud Legal Statement and Privacy Policy for details;
1.3.24 Homework Help APP integrates Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd.'s real-time audio and video TRTC SDK, which supports RTMP standard protocol streaming. The real-time audio and video TRTC SDK needs to read your WIFI status, system properties, device model, operating system, IP address, and apply for access to your camera (camera), microphone (recording) permissions, sensor information, to support video and voice calls. It will not transmit your information. Please refer to the "Personal Information Protection Rules for Real time Audio and Video TRTC SDK" for details.
1.3.25 Due to the integration of Huawei Audio Engine SDK into the real-time audio and video TRTC SDK, the Homework Help APP integrates Huawei Audio Engine SDK from Huawei Terminal Co., Ltd. when integrating the real-time audio and video TRTC SDK
The microphone (recording) permission is used to collect audio during the recording process and will not transmit your information. Please refer to the Huawei SDK Privacy and Security Instructions for details.
1.3.26 Homework Help APP integrates Google's Volley network library to obtain your SD card data, which is used for efficient link access to HTTP network request framework for Android applications. Your information will not be transmitted, please refer to https://github.com/google/volley .
1.3.27 Homework Help APP integrates Square's okhttp SDK. The okhttp SDK will read your network permissions to confirm network connection status and data transmission, and will not transmit your information. Please refer to the "Privacy Notice" for details.
1.3.28 Homework Help APP integrates GitHub's AndPermission SDK. The AndPermission SDK collects your WiFi SSID information and device operator to assist in APP permission application and determine whether the APP has a certain permission. It will not transmit your information. Please refer to the GitHub Privacy Statement for details.
1.3.29 Homework Help APP integrates the Meituan Robust SDK from Beijing Sanhuai Technology Co., Ltd., which is used to load patches during the startup phase, fix online crashes and issues. The Meituan Robust SDK does not collect your information, please refer to it for details https://github.com/Meituan-Dianping/Robust .
1.3.30 Homework Help APP integrates the Fluent Speak SDK from Shanghai Fluent Speak Information Technology Co., Ltd. The Fluent Speak SDK collects your network information for downloading files required by the application and does not transfer your information. Please refer to https://github.com/lingochamp/okdownload .
1.3.31 Homework Help APP integrates Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd.'s Tencent seamless login SDK. The Android system collects information such as device model, IP address, system information (system time, device card slot switching information), operator type, network connection type, incoming application package name, signature, subId, mobile phone brand manufacturer, mobile operating system version, network standard, OAID, and mobile system timestamp; The information collected by the IOS system includes device model, IP address, system information (system version, timestamp, idfv), operator type, network connection type, network standard, access party application bundle ID, and provides you with contactless verification and number authentication services by calling the corresponding operator's SDK. Please refer to the Tencent Cloud Product Document for details.
1.3.32 Whereas JobHelp APP integrates the Tencent Senseless Login SDK of Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Tencent Senseless Login SDK integrates the mobile number authentication SDK of China Mobile Internet Co., Ltd., the Unicom number authentication SDK of China United Network Communications Co., Ltd. and the telecom number authentication SDK of Tianyi Digital Life Technology Co., Ltd. The mobile number authentication SDK collects your device model, device manufacturer, device operating system version, operator type, IP address, network connection type, access party application package name, access party application package signature, network format, bundleId, and the Unicom number authentication SDK collects your device model, device manufacturer, device operating system version, and operator Type, IP address, access party application package name, access party application package signature, bundleId, The Telecom Number Authentication SDK collects your device model, device manufacturer, device operating system version, operator type, IP address, network connection type, access party application package name, and network standard bundle ID. Please refer to the China Mobile Authentication Service Agreement, China Unicom Service Terms and Privacy Policy, and Tianyi Account Privacy Policy for details.
1.3.33 Homework Help App integrates the Renjiao Digital Publishing Co., Ltd.'s Renjiao Society textbook reading SDK. The Renjiao Society textbook reading SDK collects your phone status information, WIFI information, IMEI, MAC, IP address, and obtains your camera and microphone permissions to provide you with Renjiao Book reading and oral evaluation services. Please refer to the "Privacy Policy" for details. At the same time, the Human Resources Education Press textbook reading SDK integrates Fujian Foxit Software Development Co., Ltd.'s Foxit SDK. Foxit SDK collects your WIFI status and phone status to provide you with online and offline PDF reading and editing functions. Please refer to the "Privacy Policy" for details. The Human Resources Education Press textbook reading SDK integrates iFlytek's voice evaluation SDK, which collects your MAC address Android ID、IMEI， We provide voice evaluation function for you. Please refer to the "Privacy Policy for Voice Evaluation SDK" for details.
1.3.34 Homework Help App integrates the Zhihu open-source image selector SDK from Beijing Zhizhi Tianxia Technology Co., Ltd. The Zhihu open-source image selector SDK will apply for file storage permission, camera permission, and album permission from you, so that you can select images in the album. For details, please refer to https://github.com/zhihu/Matisse .
1.3.35 Homework Help App integrates the PAG SDK (PAG Animation Workflow SDK) from Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. in Shenzhen. The PAG SDK is used for animation rendering and display, and currently does not require access to your information. Please refer to the "PAG SDK Personal Information Protection Rules" for details.
We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process the information in accordance with our instructions, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. The recipient of the information has limited access to your information, and they also have contractual obligations, including but not limited to
Obtain your information through legal and compliant means, take reasonable security measures to protect your information, and assume corresponding legal responsibilities in accordance with legal provisions and our agreement. For some open source and free partners who violate your personal rights by leaking your information, we will bear corresponding responsibilities.
2. We will not illegally sell or provide your information to others; We will not provide your information to any third party, nor will we use it for any other purpose or use, except in the following circumstances:
2.1 Disclosure to third parties with your prior consent;
2.2 Disclose to third parties or administrative or judicial institutions in accordance with relevant legal provisions or requirements of administrative or judicial institutions;
2.3 When we provide services, we may use your information for purposes such as identity verification, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving, and backup, in order to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent, unsafe, illegal, or violations of our agreements, policies, or rules, to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users, our affiliates, partners, and other trusted third-party suppliers, service providers, agents, and the general public, and to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
2.4 We cooperate with third parties to provide you with services related to the Homework Help platform or other online services, and such third parties agree to assume the same responsibility as us to protect user privacy;
2.5 Other disclosures required by laws, regulations or policies.
3. We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
3.1 After obtaining your separate consent;
3.2 Legal Disclosure: We may publicly disclose your personal information in the event of legal, procedural, litigation, or mandatory requirements from government authorities.
4. Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information:
4.1 Relevant to the obligations of personal information controllers in accordance with laws and regulations;
4.2 Directly related to national security and defense security;
4.3 Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4.4 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4.5 For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
4.6 Personal information that the personal information subject voluntarily discloses to the public;
4.7 Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
According to legal regulations, sharing, transferring, and disclosing personal information that has undergone de identification processing, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot recover and re identify the information subject, does not constitute external sharing, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information. Your consent is not required for the storage and processing of such data.
5、 How do you manage your information and account cancellation
According to relevant laws, regulations, standards in China, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
1. Right of inquiry
You have the right to access your personal information, except as provided by laws and regulations.
You can query or edit your personal profile information, change your password, authenticate your real name, and provide your shipping address information in your account through "Homework Help APP - My - Avatar - Edit Profile" and "Homework Help APP - My - Settings - Account and Security".
2. Right to correction
When you find that there is an error in our processing of your personal information, you can modify it by checking your information through "Homework Help APP - My - Avatar - Edit Profile" and "Homework Help APP - My - Settings - Account and Security".
3. Deletion Right
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
3.1 If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
3.2 If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
3.3 If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
3.4 If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
3.5 If we no longer provide you with products or services.
When you decide to delete a certain item or items of information, you can check your information through "Homework Help APP - My - Avatar - Edit Information" "Homework Help APP - My - Settings - Account and Security" to delete it. You can also contact customer service to delete it, send an email to gerenxinxi@zuoyebang.com , or call customer service at 400-611-0000.
4. Right of revocation
Please note that the path may vary among different devices. Please refer to the instructions and guidelines provided by your device and system developer for specific details.
You can also contact customer service to cancel, send an email to
, or call customer service hotline
4.2 When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your consent or authorization.
5. Right of cancellation
After canceling the account, the data within this account cannot be recovered, including but not limited to asset information such as learning coins, credits, coupons, etc; The account information content will also be completely cleared, including but not limited to articles, comments, etc. published by the account. This cancellation operation cannot be revoked, please be cautious when applying.
Personal information subject obtains a copy of personal information
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information, which can be done through the following method: "Homework Help APP - Settings - Customer Service Center".
On the premise of technical feasibility, if the data interface is matched, we can also transfer a copy of your personal information directly to the third party you specify according to your requirements.
7. In compliance with relevant legal requirements, your close relatives may exercise the above-mentioned rights to access, copy, correct, delete, etc. your relevant personal information; Unless you have other arrangements.
Responding to your request
The above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
8.2 We will provide a response within 15 working days or within the time limit specified by laws and regulations. If you are not satisfied, you can also file a complaint through the following channels: send an email to gerenxinxi@zuoyebang.com , or call customer service at 400-611-0000.
8.3 For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees. However, for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your above request:
8.4.1 Relevant to the obligations of personal information controllers in accordance with laws and regulations;
8.4.2 Directly related to national security and defense security;
8.4.3 Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
8.4.4 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
8.4.5 If the personal information controller has sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
8.4.6 For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
8.4.7 Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
8.4.8 Involving trade secrets.
6、 How do we store your personal information
1. The personal information collected and generated by us during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is generally stored within the territory of China and stored for the prescribed storage period in accordance with the laws, regulations, departmental rules, and other provisions of the People's Republic of China.
2. The storage period is the duration of your use of Homework Help or before sending a request to delete your personal information to Homework Help. When you request to delete the stored information or decide to stop using Homework Help and cancel your account, we will promptly delete your personal information. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law. For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction; We will anonymize the user behavior logs related to the service. The criteria for determining the aforementioned deadline include:
2.1 Complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2.2 Ensure the safety and quality of the services provided by the platform to you;
2.3 Do you agree to a longer retention period;
2.4 Are there any other special provisions regarding retention periods.
3. After your personal information exceeds the retention period, the company will delete your personal information or anonymize it according to applicable laws and regulations (if you are a minor, after your personal information exceeds the retention period, the company will process your personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations). If it is not possible to delete according to relevant requirements due to special circumstances, the company will explain the relevant matters to you.
7、 How do we protect your personal information
We attach great importance to the security of your personal information. We strive to take various reasonable physical, electronic, and management security measures to protect your personal information, and make every reasonable effort to prevent your personal information from being leaked, damaged, or lost, including but not limited to SSL, information encryption storage, and access control in data centers. We have also implemented strict management measures for employees or outsourced personnel who may come into contact with your personal information, including but not limited to controlling information access permissions, signing confidentiality agreements with personnel who come into contact with personal information, and monitoring their operations.
Despite the provisions of the first paragraph above, please understand and appreciate that due to various unforeseeable or unguarded malicious means, even if we have taken necessary protective measures, your information may still be leaked, damaged or lost. If you find that your account or password has been or will be leaked for any reason, you should immediately contact us so that we can take timely measures to prevent or reduce your related losses.
3. In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will activate emergency plans to prevent the security incident from escalating, and will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, or push notifications. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
If we encounter situations such as corporate acquisition, merger, restructuring, bankruptcy, consolidation, or division, your information will continue to be protected by the existing corporate entity at that time, and we will notify you in writing through announcements, text messages, or other means; If our products or services cease to operate, we will promptly stop collecting your information and notify you through announcements, text messages, etc. At that time, we will delete or conceal your information.
8、 Protection of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, please carefully read this privacy policy under the guidance of your guardian, and use our services and submit your personal information with the consent of your guardian. If your guardian disagrees with this privacy policy, you should
Immediately stop using Homework Help's services and refuse to provide personal information.
2. If you are a minor under the age of fourteen, please notify your guardian to read and accept our "Homework Help Children's User Privacy Policy" together, and seek your guardian's consent and guidance before using Homework Help services or submitting personal information.
We will only use or disclose personal information collected with the consent of the guardian within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of the guardian, or to protect the child user. For personal information provided by child users without the consent of their guardians, we will delete the relevant information as soon as we receive notification from their guardians.
9、 Revision of this policy
Our user privacy policy may change. We will update this policy in a timely manner when significant changes occur that may result in a substantial reduction or significant impact on your rights under this policy
(1) Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
(2) We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
(3) The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
(4) There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
(5) When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
(6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
The revised privacy policy will be notified to you through the Homework Help platform announcement or other appropriate means before the revision takes effect. In such cases, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy policy.
10、 Dispute jurisdiction
The signing, effectiveness, implementation, and dispute resolution of this privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.
2. Disputes related to this agreement shall be resolved through friendly consultation. If consultation fails, the dispute shall be submitted to the court with jurisdiction over the location of the company for litigation.
11、 Contact Us
If you have any questions, complaints or reports, you can contact us through the following methods, and we will reply to your request within 15 days.
Guangzhou Jimu Future Culture Technology Co., Ltd. Personal Privacy and Security Protection Center
Registered address: Units 509-511, Zone E, Science and Technology Innovation Base, No. 80 Lanyue Road, Science City, Huangpu District, Guangzhou City
Email: gerenxinxi@zuoyebang.com
Contact number: 400-611-0000
