Please carefully read and confirm this Privacy Policy before registering. This Privacy Policy is a general privacy policy that we use uniformly and applies to all of our products and services. For specific products (or services), the purpose, method, and scope of our collection and use of your information will be clearly stated to you through corresponding product (or service) agreements, authorization letters, and other means, and we will obtain your authorization or consent. The above documents, together with this Privacy Policy, constitute the complete privacy policy reached between us and you. In case of any inconsistency between the two, the provisions of the corresponding product (or service) agreement or authorization letter shall prevail.
This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:
It should be noted that when you first open the application, we will not collect your personal information without your authorization and consent.
When you use or enable related functions or services, we will collect and use relevant information as necessary to achieve the functions and services. Unless it is necessary for the implementation of basic business functions or required by laws and regulations, you may refuse to provide it without affecting other functions or services. We will explain in the privacy policy which information is necessary item by item.
Identifier information corresponding to the device
Geographic location, biometric recognition, camera, microphone, photo album and phone storage, notifications, network and Bluetooth, calendar permissions
5. You can learn more about our collection, use, and sharing of personal information through the "App Collection Personal Information List", "Personal Information Sharing List", and "Third Party SDK Catalog".
You can read the corresponding chapters according to the following index to further understand the specific provisions of this policy:
1. How do we collect and use your personal information
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3. Regarding the storage and external provision of your personal information
4. How do we protect your personal information
5. Your right to control personal information
6. How to update this policy
7. How to contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
Note: Personal information refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. Personal sensitive information refers to information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, and is highly likely to cause damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The above definition is from GB/T 35273-2020 "Information Security Technology - Personal Information Security Specification" and is for annotation purposes only.
（1） Our principles for collecting and using personal information
We will follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity when collecting and using your personal information. We will collect your personal information in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements and business needs, and will not collect information unrelated to the business or collect information in an improper manner.
（2） Our purpose of collecting and using personal information
In order to comply with Chinese laws and regulations, as well as to provide services to you and ensure the security of your account and system operation, and to enhance the user experience, we will collect relevant information generated by you during the use of our services, including:
1. Registration, login, and real name authentication
1.1 Registration and Login Account
(Avatar, nickname, password)
Email and real name authentication information (business card, identity, name, company, position, phone number)
Share self selected stocks, nicknames, avatars, direct or indirect followers, fans, published content, and other information
Note: Related parties refer to any company, institution, or legal representative of a party that currently or in the future controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the party. 'Control' refers to the ability to directly or indirectly influence the management of the mentioned company, whether through ownership, voting shares, contracts, or other legally recognized means.
Share nicknames, avatars, and other authorized information from you
Network permissions, reading phone status, reading and writing external storage permissions, involving phone numbers, operation logs, network information, and including device serial numbers, ICCID, IMSI, IMEI, MAC addresses Android ID、MEID、 Device information including running process information, IP address, network type, network address, operator type, mobile status information, application task list, device type, mobile operating system, hardware manufacturer, SIM status information, Wifi information, Wifi list information, WLAN information, SSID, BSSID, and unique device identifier.
Based on our cooperation with communication operators, when you use the "one click login" function, with your authorization, we will call the third-party operator (Telecom/Unicom/Mobile) SDK to implement the necessary device security verification, account registration, and login for the quick login function. May require authorization for network permissions, reading phone status, reading and writing external storage permissions, involving phone numbers, operation logs, network information, and including device serial numbers, ICCID, IMSI, IMEI, MAC addresses, etc Android ID、MEID、 Device information including running process information, IP address, network type, network address, operator type, mobile status information, application task list, device type, mobile operating system, hardware manufacturer, SIM status information, Wifi information, Wifi list information, WLAN information, SSID, BSSID, and unique device identifier.
Relevant personal information mainly includes: identity information (name, phone number), device information (including system version, device model, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, OAID and other device identifiers, device environment), security status, account information (account name, username, password, registration period, bound third-party account), value-added service consumption records
Biometric information such as fingerprints and facial recognition
1.2 Real name authentication
Real name, ID card number, mobile phone number, personal biometric information, bank account number
2. Browse, publish, and interact
2.1 We provide community forums, news and information, research reports, videos, market trends, and other browsing options
For publishing and interactive information services, we need to request Wi Fi and mobile network permissions to load and display information content. Among them, Internet information services (see the above services, excluding market data services for the time being), in accordance with the Network Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Administrative Provisions on Internet News Information Services, the Administrative Provisions on Mobile Internet Application Information Services and App security assessment filing, and for the needs of service push and operation, we need to authenticate and retain user information in real name. The personal information involved is as follows.
Real name authentication: name, mobile phone number, ID card number, front and back photos of ID card, photos of hand-held ID card, validity period, contact address or facial feature value information are required, and real name authentication information is retained according to law.
Device and network information: network source address and destination address, network source port, client hardware features, hardware model, operating system version number, device MAC address, unique device identification code (such as IMEI/Android ID/IDA/OPENUDID/GUID/UUID, SIM card IMSI information, etc., which describes the basic information of personal commonly used devices), IP address, WLAN access point, Bluetooth, base station, software version number, network access method, type, status, network quality data.
Log records: user account information, operation time, operation type, content browsed and published (browsing, liking, following or unfollowing, commenting, replying, private messaging, reposting or forwarding, sharing, bookmarking, searching), geographic location information. You may refuse to provide the above information without affecting your use of other functions.
2.2 Additional explanation for browsing services:
Device information (including system version, device model, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, OAID and other device identifiers, device environment)
You can choose to refuse to provide
External storage permission (used to store loaded market data, news information, and other information service data), lock screen display and backend pop-up interface permission (used to display important news information)
2.3 Supplementary explanation for publishing and interactive services:
Nickname, avatar, published content and other information
Camera, photo album and phone storage, microphone permissions
ID card information (ID number, address, front and back photos of ID card, photos of holding ID card), securities investment consulting qualification (screenshot of association qualification)
Bank card type, card number, expiration date, opening bank, and opening bank address
Followed accounts
Mobile contact data
Please be informed that we will provide the above information when relevant national authorities inquire in accordance with the law. For users who violate laws, regulations, service agreements, and community norms, we will take measures such as warning rectification, restricting functions, suspending updates, and closing accounts in accordance with the law and the agreement.
2.4 Scanning: When you choose to use the scanning function, we will request camera permissions from you. Camera permissions are sensitive permissions, and if you refuse authorization, you will not be able to use the relevant functions, but it will not affect the use of other functions.
Search for keyword information and log records
Microphone, permission to modify global audio settings, permission to obtain direction sensor, acceleration sensor, gyroscope device sensor information, and collect and use the text input you provide (hereinafter referred to as "prompt")
Read phone status and album permissions (used for making customer service calls and uploading screenshots)
Permission to install packages, mount and uninstall external files for applications, and restart other applications
Bottom level power management (for battery monitoring), expanding or contracting status bar (for displaying immersive status bar), obtaining current or recently running applications (for judging front-end and back-end status, controlling refresh rate), reading or writing system settings (for horizontal and vertical screen settings), opening system windows (for user convenience in permission management), clearing system cache (for user convenience in clearing software cache), and other permissions
3. Push and marketing promotion services
3.1 Message push function: When you use the message push services of Tonghuashun iFinD (such as information, event driven, risk monitoring), we will request push notifications, automatic startup, device vibration, and permission to quickly receive the next broadcast after receiving it. Some push notifications may be sent through SMS or other means. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the relevant functions, but it will not affect the use of other functions. You can turn on or off the push services for corresponding services (such as news push, self selected stock push, etc.) in my Settings Push Settings page, or turn off subscription push messages from this service in the homepage menu of related functions (such as event driven).
3.2 Marketing Promotion Activities: When you choose to participate in marketing activities organized by us, our affiliates, or third parties, you are required to provide your name, mailing address, contact information, and bank account information (including: account opening bank, card number, account opening bank address, and type). These pieces of information are personal sensitive information, and refusing to provide them will affect your participation in relevant activities, but will not affect other functions. Only with your consent will we share this information with affiliated parties or third parties to ensure that you receive consistent service experience in joint activities, or entrust third parties to promptly redeem rewards to you.
3.3 Targeted Recommendation: Our EDB recommendation function will make decisions based on non-human automatic decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. (involving personal information such as application usage preferences and log records mentioned in this policy 2. Browsing, publishing, and interaction). You can manage it in the relevant settings, as detailed in point 5 of this policy regarding your right to control personal information.
Regarding the detailed list of personal information we collect, you can refer to the "App Collection Personal Information List".
4. Third party services
In the process of using Tonghuashun iFinD, you may use features provided by our affiliates, third parties, or jointly provided by software service providers, smart device providers, system service providers, and us (such as software development kits (SDKs), application programming interfaces (APIs), and third-party applications that are accessed). We will carefully evaluate the services provided by third parties, comprehensively assess the security capabilities of these partners, and require them to comply with relevant legal agreements.
Push notifications, automatic startup
Vibration equipment, permission to quickly receive the next broadcast after receiving a broadcast
Name, mailing address, contact information, bank account information (including account opening bank, card number, account opening bank address, and type)
(The personal information involved includes: application usage preferences and log records mentioned in this policy 2. Browsing, publishing, and interaction)
Your right to control personal information
Software Development Kit (SDK), Application Programming Interface (API), third-party applications integrated, etc
4.2 When you use third-party services (QQ, WeChat, Weibo, Apple ID) to share and log in, we will call the SDK provided by the third-party platform, which requires authorization of network permissions, including third-party account avatar, nickname, region, gender, network information, and related device information (including system version, device model, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, OAID and other device identifiers, device environment).
IFlytek Speech Transcription SDK
Microphone (voice) permission, obtaining phone status, and involving audio and video information, operation logs, network information, and related device information (including system version, device model, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, OAID and other device identifiers, device environment)
Read and write external storage and photo album permissions, obtain phone status, and involve audio and video information, operation logs, network information, and related device information (including system version, device model, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, OAID and other device identifiers, device environment)
4.5 When you use the fund investment services provided by Tonghua Shunai Fund, we will call the "Tonghua Shunai Fund" SDK, and the personal information involved can be found in https://fund.10jqka.com.cn/public/help/FS-14233.html .
4.6 Our services may include or link to information or other services provided by third parties (including websites). Third party services will call your device permissions and obtain your relevant information, so that you can use the corresponding functions normally on different mobile devices or third-party platforms. The device permission types and information obtained by different third-party services are different, including obtaining your location information, reading/writing your external storage card, reading your phone status and identity, viewing WLAN connections, and retrieving running applications/Bluetooth. Regarding the specific device permission types for third-party services and how to collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party services. Please be advised that any user who uses such third-party services in the Tonghuashun iFinD software should carefully read the Tonghuashun iFinD Disclaimer. These third-party services are operated by the relevant third parties, and when you use them (including any personal information you provide to such third parties), you are bound by the service terms and privacy policies of such third parties (not this Privacy Policy), and you need to carefully read their terms. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. This Privacy Policy only applies to the information we collect, store, use, share, and disclose, and does not apply to any third-party services or information usage rules. We are not responsible for any third-party use of the information provided by you.
4.4 When you use the fund investment services provided by Tonghua Shunai Fund, we will call the "Tonghua Shunai Fund" SDK, and the personal information involved can be found in https://fund.10jqka.com.cn/public/help/FS-14233.html .
4.5 Our services may include or link to information or other services provided by third parties (including websites). Third party services will call your device permissions and obtain your relevant information, so that you can use the corresponding functions normally on different mobile devices or third-party platforms. The device permission types and information obtained by different third-party services are different, including obtaining your location information, reading/writing your external storage card, reading your phone status and identity, viewing WLAN connections, and retrieving running applications/Bluetooth. Regarding the specific device permission types for third-party services and how to collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party services. Please be advised that any user who uses such third-party services in the Tonghuashun iFinD software should carefully read the Tonghuashun iFinD Disclaimer. These third-party services are operated by the relevant third parties, and when you use them (including any personal information you provide to such third parties), you are bound by the service terms and privacy policies of such third parties (not this Privacy Policy), and you need to carefully read their terms. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. This Privacy Policy only applies to the information we collect, store, use, share, and disclose, and does not apply to any third-party services or information usage rules. We are not responsible for any third-party use of the information provided by you.
The information collected by third-party SDKs in the above services can be found in the "Third Party SDK Catalog", and the specific information shall be subject to the third-party service and privacy agreement!
5. Supervision and safe operation
On July 18, 2013, the China Securities Regulatory Commission issued the "Regulations on Strengthening the Management of Customer Trading Terminal Information and Other Customer Information of Securities and Futures Operating Institutions", and on March 20, 2020, the China Securities Investor Protection Fund Co., Ltd. formulated and approved the "Technical Specifications for Customer Trading Terminal Information Management of Securities Companies". According to the above two documents, securities trading must send hardware information to the securities company for record keeping, otherwise the transaction is not compliant. Corresponding business functions and types: transaction commission, bank securities transfer, account login, password modification. Collected information: Mobile terminals are mainly divided into two types based on their operating systems: iOS and Android, as follows.
Required information: The iOS system mainly includes IDFV, registration
Mobile phone number, actual used mobile phone number, public IP address, public IP port number, MAC address, internal IP address. The Android system mainly includes IMEI, registered phone number, actual used phone number, public IP address, public IP port number, MAC address, and internal IP address. Other systems mainly include: unique identification code, registered mobile phone number, actual used mobile phone number, public IP address, public IP port number, MAC address, and internal IP address.
Selection information: operating system version, IMSI, ICCID, transaction terminal software name and version.
Information on installed applications or running processes, overall operation, usage and frequency of applications, application crashes, overall installation and usage, performance data, application sources and device identifiers including system version, device model, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, OAID, device environment, etc
Account information, device information, service log information, geographic location information
（3） The way we collect personal information
When we provide services to you, the personal information you voluntarily provide to us;
2. We provide you with service related information generated during the service process;
3. Collect your credit information and behavior information from credit reporting agencies, credit management companies, credit evaluation agencies, or similar institutions permitted by relevant laws and regulatory agencies;
4. Collect necessary information related to services from government agencies, judicial authorities and public institutions (such as the People's Bank of China, the Ministry of Public Security, human resources and social security departments, provident fund management center, China Internet Finance Association and other institutions), such as your identity card information, industrial and commercial information, tax information, litigation information, social security information, etc;
5. With your authorization, collect necessary information related to the services we provide from natural persons, legal persons, and other organizations that legally retain your information;
6. Other methods with your permission.
（4） How do we use personal information
1. When providing our products or services to you and improving them.
During the period when we provide services to you, you authorize us to continuously collect and use your information. When you cancel the service, we will stop collecting your relevant personal information, but we will continue to use the previously collected personal information in areas such as business data archiving, auditing, and regulatory investigation.
3. In order to enhance your product or service experience, or to prevent risks, we will summarize, analyze, and process the usage of the service, but this information will not include any of your identification information.
4. In order to inform you about the use of our products or services or to further understand our services, we will send you service status notifications and commercial information about the relevant products or services. If you do not wish to receive commercial information, you have the right to unsubscribe and request that we stop using your information for this purpose.
5. Use your personal information for other purposes permitted by law.
2、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the website, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store data such as your preferences or usage habits. We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change your user settings every time you visit our website.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on our website. For example, the email we send you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe at any time.
（3） Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your choice.
（4） Recommend, showcase, and push content that may be of interest to you
We may use such technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, conduct data analysis, and improve product services. In some pages of Tonghuashun iFinD, we use cookies to record browsing activities, recommend information to you, troubleshoot related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays, and explore better service methods.
3、 Regarding the storage and provision of your personal information to external parties
（1） Storage
1. The personal information collected and generated within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. But in order to handle cross-border business and with your authorization and consent, your personal information will be transferred overseas. In this case, we will take effective measures to protect your information security, such as implementing security measures such as data de identification before cross-border data transfer, or requiring overseas institutions to keep your information confidential through agreements, verification, and other measures.
2. We only determine the maximum storage period for individual user data and the storage period for user logs within the period required by laws and regulations, as well as within the period necessary to achieve the purpose of this policy statement.
（2） Sharing
We will not share your information with any other company, organization, or individual
Personal information, except for the following situations:
After obtaining your explicit consent or authorization, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government regulatory authorities.
According to laws, regulations, and business practices, in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, and similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
4. Regulatory traces: On July 18, 2013, the China Securities Regulatory Commission issued the "Regulations on Strengthening the Management of Customer Information such as Trading Terminal Information of Securities and Futures Operating Institutions". On March 20, 2020, China Securities Investor Protection Fund Co., Ltd. formulated and approved the "Technical Specification for Customer Trading Terminal Information Management of Securities Companies" by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. According to the above two documents, securities trading must submit hardware information to the securities company for record keeping, otherwise the transaction is not compliant. Corresponding business functions and types: transaction commission, bank securities transfer, account login, password modification. Collected information: Mobile terminals are mainly divided into two types based on their operating systems: iOS and Android. Required information: The iOS system mainly includes IDFV, registered phone number, actual used phone number, public IP address, public IP port number, MAC address, and internal IP address. The Android system mainly includes IMEI, registered phone number, actual used phone number, public IP, public IP port number, MAC address, and internal IP. Other systems mainly include: unique identification code, registered mobile phone number, actual used mobile phone number, public IP address, public IP port number, MAC address, and internal IP address. Selection information: operating system version, IMSI, ICCID, transaction terminal software name and version.
It should be noted that although transaction tracking data is "shared", Tonghuashun does not have control over such data in accordance with laws and regulations. We only provide technical assistance to securities and futures operating institutions during transaction tracking and will not store or use such data.
For detailed information on sharing information, please refer to the "Personal Information Sharing List".
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
2. According to laws and regulations, or mandatory requirements from government authorities, we may publicly disclose your personal information.
4、 How do we protect your personal information
（1） We have implemented industry standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, we will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
（2） Please understand that due to technological limitations and potential malicious attacks, unexpected situations that we cannot reasonably foresee, prevent, avoid, or control may occur. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. Please use complex passwords to help us ensure the security of your account.
（3） In the event of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the relevant information of the incident through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, or issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
（4） How to handle personal information of minors. We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. As our website and services are primarily aimed at adults, if you are a minor, we recommend that you ask your parents or guardians to carefully read this privacy policy and use our services or provide information to us with their consent. Please read our specially formulated "Privacy Policy for Minors" with your guardian and use our services under guidance.
（5） Our user personal information protection is the responsibility of the Security Department, located at No. 18 Tongshun Street, Wuchang Street, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province. Contact information: idc@myhexin.com . You can also file complaints and reports about personal information security issues within the software. The path is "Me" - "Settings" - "About" - "Complaints and Reports". We will handle it within 15 days.
5、 Your right to control personal information
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions in China, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
（1） Accessing, correcting, and updating your personal information
You have the right to access, correct, and update your personal information through our official website, mobile app, and other channels, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations, as well as user information about the company's workplace and occupation recognized by the app. You are responsible for updating your personal information in a timely manner.
（2） Delete your personal information
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
3. If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you.
If you no longer wish to continue using our products or services, or if you voluntarily cancel your account;
If we cease operations, we will promptly cease the collection of your personal information, and will notify you of the cessation of operations in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold about you.
（3） Personal information can be controlled through methods such as account cancellation and withdrawal of consent
(1) Account cancellation. The path in the APP is' My Personal Information 'and' Cancel Account '. To cancel the account, click on the operation or contact customer service directly by phone. After canceling the account, we will delete or anonymize the user's personal information
Human information;
(2) The method for users to withdraw their consent. The path in the APP is: My Settings Privacy Policy page at the bottom, click to withdraw consent, and there is also permission management in the settings to cancel previous system authorization;
(3) Manage targeted recommendations. You can choose to turn off targeted recommendation. After turning it off, you will see generic content. The path in the software is: My Settings About Targeted Recommendation Settings. You can carefully review and turn off the corresponding service;
(4) Manage software usage information. The paths in the software are: Search Bar - Clear History, and My - Settings - Clear Cache.
If you are unable to access or edit your personal information through the above path, you can contact customer service by phone (952555) or email at any time（ idc@myhexin.com ）We will reply to you as soon as possible and provide you with guidance as much as possible.
（4） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. Please understand that we will refuse requests that are unfounded, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
Despite the above agreement, according to legal requirements, we will not be able to respond to your request if it involves the following situations:
1. Related to national security and defense security;
2. Matters related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. There is sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
5. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
6. Involving trade secrets.
6、 How to update this policy
According to changes in national laws and regulations and service operation needs, we will revise this policy and related rules from time to time. The revised content will be published through official websites, mobile apps, and other channels, and will replace the previous relevant content. You should pay attention to changes in relevant announcements, prompt information, agreements, rules, and other related content from time to time. You acknowledge and confirm that if you do not agree with the updated content, you should immediately stop using the corresponding service and cancel the relevant account. We will stop collecting your personal information; If you continue to use the service, it is deemed that you agree to accept the changes.
7、 How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact our customer service hotline at 952555.
Please carefully read this privacy policy before "agreeing" to ensure that you are fully aware of and understand its content, especially the meaning and corresponding legal consequences of bolded content. By agreeing and completing the registration process, you are deemed to have accepted this privacy policy. We will use and protect your personal information in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and this policy.
Tonghuashun iFinD User Agreement
Thank you for choosing Tonghuashun iFinD to provide you with services!
The "Tonghuashun iFinD Service Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") is signed between Zhejiang Tonghuashun Network Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tonghuashun") and you.
1. The relevant rights involved in Tonghuashun's services belong to Tonghuashun, including but not limited to the market system, entrusted trading system, website information, mobile SMS, APP, etc. By completing the registration process, the user confirms and accepts all the terms of this agreement, and is willing to comply with the service terms and relevant operating rules.
2. Before receiving the Flush Service, the user must first confirm that the Flush Service is carried out through the mobile Internet, and the user must bear the costs related to Internet access and service.
3. In order to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of users, they need to provide real, legal, detailed and accurate personal identity information, and update it in a timely manner according to the actual situation. If the country adjusts relevant laws and regulations on user registration information, users should update their registration information according to the new requirements or handle it according to the new requirements. Otherwise, Tonghuashun may terminate this agreement and terminate the service.
4. Users can log in to the product through a mobile phone number verification code or account password, and the account information is updated, kept, and fully responsible by the user. Tonghuashun reminds users to store and backup their relevant information (including registration information, passwords, and accounts) in a timely manner, keep them safe, prevent theft and leakage, and avoid causing losses to themselves.
5. Tonghuashun identifies users based on their registration information to assist them in handling issues such as lost passwords and service complaints. If the user's password or account is stolen, the user should inform Tonghuashun immediately and provide legal and valid identity documents and Tonghuashun registration information, so that Tonghuashun can provide necessary and reasonable assistance to the user in a timely manner. At the same time, users should report or appeal to the competent authorities to safeguard their legitimate rights and interests.
6. Tonghuashun reminds users that any successful login with correct password and account will be considered as the user's own login, and any consequences arising from this will be borne by the user themselves. Tonghuashun will not bear any consequences.
7. According to the provisions of national laws and regulations, Tonghuashun shall reasonably and prudently protect the registration information of users, and shall not disclose or provide it to third parties, unless: users actively request; Legal and regulatory requirements; The judicial department requires.
8. Respecting users' personal privacy is a fundamental policy of Tonghuashun, as detailed in the Tonghuashun Privacy Policy.
9. According to laws and regulations, government regulatory agencies, industry regulatory associations, and other requirements, there may be changes to the terms of service of Tonghuashun. In this case, Tonghuashun will provide a prompt on the relevant page. If the user accepts the change, click on the 'Agree' button to activate it; If the user does not click, it will be deemed as termination of the service terms.
10. Pursuing excellent product performance and providing users with a better service experience has always been the consistent aim of Tonghuashun. Tonghuashun will continuously update its products and/or services according to actual situations. At the same time, in order to ensure the stable operation of the system, Tonghuashun will provide system maintenance at the appropriate time. The user confirms that Tonghuashun has the right to update and maintain without prior notice.
11. Tonghuashun does not provide any promises or guarantees to users. If the user discovers that a department or employee of Tonghuashun has made any form of commitment to the user
If there is no guarantee, the complaint should be made to the complaint hotline and email address disclosed on the official website of Tonghuashun (www.10jqka. com. cn). Tonghuashun reminds users that Tonghuashun's products and services are subject to the terms and conditions stipulated in this agreement, product manuals, and publicly disclosed information on the official website. Any promises or guarantees made by departments or employees beyond this scope are invalid; Tonghuashun prohibits any association between employees and users' profits.
12. The products and services provided by Tonghuashun are essentially a "tool", and the use of this "tool" by users does not mean that Tonghuashun guarantees that users will benefit or not lose money. The market is risky, and investment needs to be cautious. Tonghuashun kindly requests users to invest rationally.
13. Tonghuashun provides the function service of the Wenshengwen Large Model, which can generate corresponding text content based on user input, extract key information based on text content, and generate concise and clear summaries. The content generated by the large model is for reference only and does not represent the views or positions of the platform. The accuracy, completeness, or reliability of the content cannot be guaranteed. The big model is suitable for adults interested in the financial investment field, not for minors and students. It is mainly applicable to financial information service related occasions and is mainly used to provide intelligent investment advisory, intelligent investment education, intelligent customer service, intelligent investment research, AI minutes and other services.
14. Due to the characteristics of mobile Internet itself (including but not limited to network congestion, computer virus infection, hacker attacks, system downtime, equipment and facilities failures, etc.), as well as the objective existence of force majeure and accidents, Flush does not guarantee that the service can be smooth and uninterrupted at all times. Tonghuashun ensures to do its best to safeguard the interests of users, maintain its product and service image, and provide maximum relief as much as possible.
15. Flush reminds users that mobile Internet is not a pure land, and related crimes and damage to users' interests exist objectively. Please carefully select relevant applications to protect users' personal privacy, so as not to affect the products and services of Flush.
16. Users are not allowed to use Tonghuashun products and services, interfere with the normal operation of Tonghuashun, infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties, or engage in other situations that violate national laws and regulations, including but not limited to:
Violating the basic principles established by the Constitution; Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity; Damaging national honor and interests; Those who incite ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermine ethnic unity; Disrupting national religious policies, promoting cults and feudal superstitions; Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and disrupting social stability; Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, terror, or inciting crime; Insult or defame others, and infringe upon their legitimate rights and interests; Inciting illegal gatherings, associations, marches, demonstrations, and gatherings to disrupt social order; Engaging in activities under the name of illegal civil organizations; Publishing, transmitting, disseminating, and storing content that violates national laws and regulations; Publishing, transmitting, disseminating, or storing content that infringes upon the legitimate rights of others, such as reputation, portrait, intellectual property, trade secrets, etc; Involving the privacy, personal information or data of others; Posting, transmitting, disseminating harassment, advertising messages, excessive marketing messages, and spam messages or containing any sexual or sexual implications; Not meeting the requirements of the Interim Provisions on the Development and Management of Public Information Services through Instant Messaging Tools, as well as complying with the "seven bottom lines" of laws and regulations, socialist system, national interests, legitimate interests of citizens, public order, social morality, and information authenticity; Containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
17. Users should use Tonghuashun products and services reasonably, respect the rights of Tonghuashun and other related copyright owners, and shall not engage in the following behaviors:
Delete copyright information; Perform reverse engineering, reverse assembly, reverse compilation, or attempt to discover the source code of this software in any other way; Authorize others to use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reproduce, compile, publish, publish, establish mirror sites, etc; Copy, modify, add, delete, mount, or create any derivative works of this software or any data released into the memory of any terminal during the operation of this software, interaction data between the client and server during the operation of this software, and system data necessary for the operation of this software, including but not limited to the use of plugins, plug-ins, or unauthorized third-party tools/services to access this software and related systems; By modifying or forging instructions and data during software operation, adding, deleting, or altering the functionality or performance of the software, or operating or disseminating software or methods used for the aforementioned purposes to the public, regardless of whether these actions are for commercial purposes; By using third-party software, plugins, cheats, or systems not developed or authorized by Tonghuashun, logging in or using Tonghuashun software and services, or creating, publishing, or disseminating the aforementioned tools; Interfering with this software and its components, modules, and data by oneself or authorizing others or third-party software; Other behaviors without explicit authorization from Tonghuashun.
18. Tonghuashun reminds users that they should maintain an independent, clear and objective understanding of the comments, information or links provided by third parties on the platform, and not be deceived. If necessary, users can consult professional institutions and individuals, file complaints with Tonghuashun, and report to regulatory authorities.
19. Users should be responsible for their own words and actions, and bear the legal consequences caused by them. Users should keep their accounts and passwords safe to prevent others from maliciously logging in and engaging in illegal activities.
20. As with platforms related to Huashun that allow users to publish relevant information, users are required to comply with relevant laws and regulations, and must not mix advertising, promotions, publicity, planning, hype and other information. Otherwise, Huashun has the right to directly delete it and restrict the use of non compliant users.
21. If the user violates laws and regulations and the provisions of this agreement, Tonghuashun has the right to take measures such as warning, deletion, order rectification, restriction of use, termination of the agreement and suspension of services depending on the severity of the situation. If any losses are caused to Tonghuashun, Tonghuashun has the right to recover from the user and demand that the user bear all reasonable expenses such as litigation fees, notarization fees, printing fees, announcement fees, appraisal fees, auction fees, execution fees, lawyer fees, etc. arising therefrom.
22. In view of the characteristics of the mobile Internet, the user agrees that the Flush website (www.10jqk
a. Com. cn). The user hereby authorizes Tonghuashun to make follow-up calls to the reserved phone number.
23. If users need to contact Tonghuashun, they can call 0571-88911818 or write to Zhejiang Tonghuashun Network Technology Co., Ltd. at No. 18 Tongshun Street, Wuchang Street, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province.
24. In case of any dispute arising from the performance of this agreement, both parties shall negotiate in a friendly manner. If no agreement can be reached, it shall be submitted to the court with jurisdiction over the domicile of Tonghuashun (Yuhang District, Hangzhou City) for arbitration.
To better protect the interests of users, Tonghuashun recommends that users carefully read the following laws and regulations:
Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China
Telecommunications Regulations of the People's Republic of China
Measures for the Administration of Internet Information Services
Regulations on the Administration of Internet Electronic Announcement Service
Provisional Rules of the People's Republic of China on the Management of International Networking of Computer Information Webs
Implementation Measures for the Interim Provisions of the People's Republic of China on the Administration of Computer Information Networks and International Networking
Regulations of the People's Republic of China on the Safety Protection of Computer Information Systems
Management Measures for Security Protection of Computer Information Networks and International Networking
26. This agreement shall come into effect upon the user clicking the "Agree" button.
Tianyi Account Service Agreement
Tianyi Account Privacy Policy
Tips
If you withdraw your consent, we will not be able to provide you with services!
Withdraw and withdraw
Continue to use
Withdrawal of consent
After withdrawing consent, we will not be able to provide services to you
