Migu Company Privacy Policy
In view of this, we have formulated this privacy policy and specifically remind you to carefully read and understand this privacy policy before using the above-mentioned products and related services, in order to make appropriate choices.
————Scope of Application - This privacy policy applies to all functions and services provided by Migu Video.
————Privacy Policy Summary————
We will introduce to you through this privacy policy how we handle your personal information in different scenarios. When you activate/use "Migu Video", we process relevant information to implement the functions or services you choose to use, or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
We will introduce to you through this privacy policy how we handle your personal information in different scenarios. When you activate/use "Migu Video", we process relevant information to implement the functions or services you choose to use, or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Except for the information required to implement the basic functions and services of "Migu Video" and the information required by laws and regulations, you may refuse to provide us with or refuse us to process other information, but this may result in us being unable to provide corresponding functions and services. We will explain the relevant situation item by item in the privacy policy, and important content related to your personal information rights has been highlighted in bold. Please pay special attention.
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, this app belongs to the online video and audio category. The basic function service is "film and television, music search and play". You can use the basic function service without personal information. When you use Migu video, we will request to collect the device's IMEI (users below Android 10), Android ID (Android users), OAID (Android users), IDFA (iOS users) for advertising and data statistics. During the use process, we will also collect the operator name and SIM card provider code to troubleshoot network problems of different operators and improve the playback performance. We will also collect the user's country code for user statistics Source. When you use our services, we will collect, store, use, transmit, and provide your personal information to the public in accordance with Migu Video Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"). At the same time, we will explain to you through this policy how we provide services for accessing, updating, managing, and protecting your information. This policy is closely related to your use of our services. Please carefully read and understand this policy, especially the terms that have or may have a significant relationship with your rights (we have highlighted them in bold), to determine whether you accept the services we provide and proceed with the next steps.
In addition to this privacy policy, in specific scenarios, we may also inform you of the corresponding information collection purpose, scope, and usage methods through instant notifications (including pop ups, page prompts, etc.), feature update instructions, etc. These instant notifications and feature update instructions constitute a part of this privacy policy and have the same legal effect as this privacy policy.
This summary will briefly introduce how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information, as well as how you can manage your personal information. This abstract is part of the "Migu Video Privacy Policy". If you would like to learn more about our detailed privacy policy, please refer to the privacy policy text after the abstract.
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information.
1.1 Personal Information
(1) When you register and log in to the "Migu Video" service, you can use the "one click login" function to authorize us to collect and verify your phone number, so that we can provide you with quick login services.. If you do not choose "one click login", you can also use other login methods, including filling in a mobile verification code login, password login, and third-party account login. When you choose to create an account through your phone number, we will verify your identity by sending a SMS verification code. If you refuse to provide us with your phone number or third-party account, we will not be able to provide you with login services. You can also choose to fill in relevant network identification information (including avatar, nickname, gender, birthday, region, personalized signature) according to your own needs, as well as fill in the delivery address information including the recipient's name, phone number, detailed address, and postal code (the delivery address information is only used for sending activity prizes to you, filling out orders when shopping on Migu Mall, and mailing goods by express delivery, and will not be used for other purposes. If the actual recipient information you provide to us is not your personal information, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the actual recipient). If you refuse to provide shipping address information, we will not be able to provide delivery services for physical prizes or orders purchased from the mall during the event.
When you use the password change service, we need to verify your phone number in order to reset your password, so we need to collect your phone number. If you refuse to provide a mobile verification code, we will be unable to verify your identity and reset your password. We will also launch a user experience perception survey questionnaire to collect user experience feedback for optimization. It will involve collecting your gender, age, occupation, and mobile phone number personal information, which you can voluntarily fill out.
Movie ticket purchasing and Migu Mall services within the "Migu Video" platform: Movie ticket purchasing and Migu Mall are services provided by Migu Culture Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries. Therefore, when you use these two services, you need to authorize the use of your "Migu Video" account to log in.
The mobile phone number information you used to register for the "Migu Video" account, upon your authorization, will also be used to participate in marketing activities of "Migu Video" and China Mobile. We will use your mobile phone number information for prize distribution and verification of participation in activities. In order to protect your consumer rights, we will also collect your order information and transaction information in "Migu Video" to provide you with order information tracking and after-sales service. If you refuse authorization, you will not be able to purchase tickets for the cinema and participate in marketing activities related to China Mobile.
(2) You can also use third-party accounts (WeChat, QQ, Weibo account, Appleid) to log in to "Migu Video". At this time, you will authorize us to obtain your public information registered on the third-party platform (including avatar, nickname information, and your authorization)
After agreeing to this privacy policy, you may bind your third-party account with your Migu account, allowing you to directly log in and use this product and corresponding services through the third-party account (the first third-party authorization login requires binding a mobile phone number for verification). The Tencent login SDK needs to obtain your device IMSI information in order to provide multiple and convenient login methods. If you refuse to provide third-party account information, we will not be able to provide you with third-party account login services.
1.2 Position
When you use the "Migu Video" movie ticket purchase service and local life home service, in order to determine your city and find the nearest cinema and hourly delivery products, we will apply for location information authorization from you (including GPS location and WLAN access point, Bluetooth, and base station sensor information). You can also refuse to authorize location information to us, but when you refuse authorization, you will need to manually select and filter your city, nearest cinema, and hourly delivery products.
1.3 Camera
When you use the ringback tone DIY function, cloud audience, cloud private rooms, concert live streaming microphone, and video ringback tone co production function, we will request that you authorize microphone permission and camera permission to capture your video footage and sound for real-time interaction during live streaming.
Accessing the camera: You can use the camera to scan the code for search, bind the TV box, log in to the PC client or WWW webpage; When you use the "avatar" function, you can directly take and upload pictures for avatar settings; When you use the content upload service ("G-Guest Video Upload"), live streaming function or service, you can directly take and upload pictures, record videos and upload and publish video content according to your own needs; When you use the feedback function to take photos and upload them; We will apply for camera permission from you.
Please note that when you use the information publishing functions mentioned in this summary and the main text of the privacy policy, it may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of others, you need to obtain their consent before publishing. If you refuse to provide camera access, you will not be able to use the above functions.
1.4 Album
When you change your profile picture, share pictures and posters, give away viewing coupons, use content upload services ("G-Guest Video Upload"), provide feedback on usage, report, shorten sharing, post image comments, collaborate with video ringtones to upload pictures, participate in G-Guest activities, share on QQ, or upload content, we will request your authorization to access the album so that you can browse the album content and select the upload content. If you refuse to provide album permissions, you may not be able to use all or part of the above functions.
1.5 Microphone
When you use the ringback tone DIY function, voice search, G-guest video shooting, cloud audience, cloud private room, cloud shouting, concert live streaming microphone, video ringback tone co production, and voice barrage function, we need to request microphone permission from you to obtain your voice input information. If you refuse to provide microphone access, you may not be able to use all or part of the above functions.
1.6 Calendar
When you use the "Appointment" viewing service, we need to request permission to read, edit calendars, and set event reminders from you for system reminders. If you refuse to provide calendar access, you may not be able to use all or part of the above features.
1.7 Shear Plate
In order to install or quickly jump from the shared link to the specified content of "Migu Video" and conduct statistical analysis on the effect of the shared source, "Migu Video" will call your clipboard function when starting to read the shared link information. If you refuse to provide clipboard permission, you may not be able to use all or part of the above functions.
1.8 Equipment Information
To ensure the normal operation of "Migu Video", when you use the "Migu Video" service, we will collect device attribute information including your end user's SDK version, operator information, IP address, system platform, system version, application package name and version, pre - and post application time, independent device identifier, iOS advertising identifier (IDFA), network card (MAC) address, international mobile device identity (IMEI), anonymous device identifier (OAID), international mobile user identity (IMSI), SIM serial number (ICCID), device manufacturer, device model, device language, application list information, base station information, sensor information, Bluetooth information, WIFI status information, SSID information, BSSID information Information including CPU information, memory information, device information, battery usage, software version number, network access method and type, and operation logs. The above information is the basic information that we must collect to provide services to you through "Migu Video". Obtaining this information will require you to authorize "Migu Video" to use phone permissions. If you refuse to provide device information permissions, we will not be able to quickly track and diagnose related issues, which may ultimately affect your use.
Due to compatibility issues with mobile phone systems, some phones such as Redmi phones do not trigger system pop ups when we apply for device information. Therefore, we will collect your device information after explaining the usage scenario; Some Xiaomi phones also trigger system pop ups when we set device information as inquiry and ask if we have permission.
1.9 Account Information (Address Book Related)
To achieve multi account login function, "Migu Video" will use the account management function under the address book permission group, but this operation will not access the user's address book contact data. If you refuse to provide account information, we will not be able to offer you multi account login functionality.
1.10 Bluetooth
In order to achieve the distribution network with the screen projector and enable screen casting playback function through adaptation of the screen projector, we will apply for Bluetooth authorization from you to facilitate the connection of the screen projector. If you refuse to provide Bluetooth permission, we will not be able to adapt the projector, which will affect the playback function.
1.11 Acceleration and Gravity Sensors
In order to achieve recognition of mobile phone posture to ensure the direction of video playback display, we will apply to you to use acceleration and gravity sensor data to recognize the posture of the mobile phone. If you refuse to provide permission for acceleration and gravity sensors, I
We cannot recognize the correct playback direction displayed by the phone posture, which affects the playback experience.
1.12 siri
In order to enable Apple phone users to perform Siri search and quickly use Siri voice commands, we will apply for Siri permission authorization from users who use Apple phones. If you refuse to provide Siri permissions, we will not be able to use Siri services.
1.13 Virtual 3D Image
When you use the "MIMO" virtual 3D image to record emoticons, you need to request your camera permission to collect facial BS information and head posture data. If your (iOS) device supports FaceID feature, we will use TrueDepth APIs to collect this information for driving facial and head poses of 3D character models. There is no other use besides this. The collected data is immediately destroyed and will not be shared with any third party or stored on any medium. If you do not use "MIMO" virtual 3D image recording for emoticons, we will not actively use TrueDepth APIs. Sensitive permissions for calling: When you use "MIMO" virtual 3D avatar to record emoticons, you need to request your camera permission and album permission. Third party used: HUAWEI AR Engine SDK, which provides you with AR basic capabilities such as motion tracking, environment tracking, human and face tracking when using 3D virtual image creation functions. If you refuse to provide photo album or camera permissions, it will affect the use of virtual 3D image functions.
1.14 Address Book
In the video ringback tone co production function, when you share a co produced video ringback tone with a contact, we will apply for your address book permission for you to share it with the contact. If you refuse to provide contact book access, you will not be able to share video ringtones with your contacts.
1.15 Screen Projection
In order to ensure the normal playback, continuation, and remote control operation of the screen casting function, "Migu Video" will periodically scan the IP address to detect whether the devices in the local area network are online (including background operation) when using the screen casting function. If you refuse to provide IP information, we cannot guarantee the normal use of the screen mirroring function.
1.16 G customer number
We will collect the user's real name and ID number information when conducting real name authentication for individual users with G customer number; The real name authenticated user of G customer account needs to collect Alipay, WeChat and bank accounts for income withdrawal when settling income. If you refuse to provide relevant information, we will not be able to settle your earnings.
When participating in the G Customer Award Collection activity, in order to submit content, we will apply to use your storage permissions to select content for submission and win prizes. If you refuse storage permission, you will not be able to select videos for submission.
1.17 Monitoring Multimedia Information
Our client has a built-in screenshot feedback function. When you take a screenshot, it will quickly open the feedback portal, making it convenient for you to provide feedback. This function will monitor multimedia information while the client is running. If you refuse storage permission, you will not be able to provide quick feedback when taking screenshots.
1.18 Rights holder information
Our client has a built-in infringement reporting function. When you report the rights and interests of video content, in order to verify your obligee's identity, you need to provide relevant obligee information, including the obligee's name, ID card number, unified social credit code, contact information, communication address, e-mail, ID card photo, and business license. If you refuse to provide relevant information, you will not be able to report infringement.
For the detailed list of personal information we collect, you can click on the "Personal Information Collection List" attached to this privacy policy to view it.
2、 How do we share your personal information
To ensure the stable operation or implementation of related functions of Migu Video Client, we will connect with a third party to achieve the aforementioned objectives. This type of application scenario includes services such as express delivery, third-party login, third-party payment, ticket purchasing, and necessary information related to third-party sharing. Therefore, we may share or entrust third parties to process some of your personal information. We will fulfill our duty of prudence, require our partners to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, and conduct strict security checks to ensure compliance with legal provisions and protection of data security when using relevant personal information.
The third-party SDK and shared information we use are detailed in the list of third-party shared information.
3、 How do you manage your personal information
You have the right to manage your personal information, including querying, correcting, supplementing, copying, and deleting your account information, address information, search history, playback history, and favorite information. You also have the right to change the scope of your authorization or revoke your authorization, as well as cancel your account. You can perform the above operations through the feature settings provided in our app. For detailed content and steps, please refer to the privacy policy text "Your Rights" in the summary. If you are unable to manage through the above methods, you can contact us by checking Article 10 "How to Contact Us" in the main text of the privacy policy, and we will reply to your request within 15 days.
4、 How can we do a good job in protecting minors
Migu Video Guidelines for the Protection of Children's Personal Information
We also offer a youth mode, providing suitable content for minors to browse. After setting the youth mode through the guardian, they can enter the youth browsing mode.
5、 How do you contact us
You can contact us through the following methods, and we will respond to your request within 15 days.
1. You can contact us through our online customer service or customer service hotline (10086).
2. We have established a personal information protection specialist, and you can contact them through the following methods: service@migu.cn .
We will review the issues as soon as possible and reply within fifteen days after verifying your true identity.
6、 How to update this policy
We will post any changes made to this policy within the app. After the updated terms take effect, we will remind you to read the updated content in a prominent pop-up window the next time you launch the app, and you will confirm whether you agree or not. Unless otherwise specified, the revised privacy policy shall take effect from the date of publication.
7、 How to access this policy
You can access this policy from the Migu Video app, under 【 My 】>【 Settings 】>【 Privacy Policy 】.
Migu Video Privacy Policy Text
Migu Gong
The company attaches great importance to the protection of your personal information and will do its utmost to protect your personal information. Please carefully read and understand the "Migu Video Privacy Policy" before using Migu Video products and services.
Part One: Definition and Noun Explanation
Migu Company: refers to Migu Video Technology Co., Ltd., registered address: Building 1, No. 636 Yunqiao Road, Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone.
Personal information: Various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. Personal information includes name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, and transaction information.
Personal sensitive information: Personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to infringement of individual dignity or harm to personal or property safety, or discriminatory treatment. Personal sensitive information includes ID number, personal biometric information, bank account number, communication records and content, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, medical and health physiological information, transaction information, and personal information of children under 14 years old (including).
Unique device identifier: refers to a string of characters encoded into a device by the device manufacturer, which can be used to uniquely identify the corresponding device. Specifically, it includes: International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), Android ID, iOS Advertising Identifier (IDFA), Network Card (MAC) address, International Mobile User Identity (IMSI) OpenUDID、GUID、SSID、BSSID。
User Profile: The process of collecting, aggregating, and analyzing personal information to analyze or predict the personal characteristics of a specific natural person, such as their occupation, economy, health, education, personal preferences, credit, and behavior, and form their personal characteristic model. Directly using the personal information of a specific individual to form a feature model of that individual is called a direct user profile. The use of personal information from individuals outside of a specific natural person, such as data from their group, to form a feature model of that natural person is called indirect user profiling.
De identification: The process of using technology to process personal information so that the subject of the information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored. The information obtained after de identification processing of personal information does not belong to personal information.
Part 2: Privacy Policy
This policy includes the following contents:
1、 What personal information have we collected
2、 How we use your personal information
3、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
4、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
5、 How do we store and protect your personal information
6、 Your rights
7、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
8、 How can your personal information be transferred globally
9、 How to update this policy
10、 How to access the path of this policy
11、 How to contact us
1、 What personal information have we collected
(1) According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, Migu Video APP belongs to the online audio and video category, and its basic function services are "film and television, music search and play". It can use the basic function services without personal information.
(2) The following extended business function products and services provided by Migu Company to you require partial information to operate. If you choose to use a certain service, you need to provide us with or allow us to collect the necessary information. If you refuse to provide it, it may result in us being unable to provide that service, but it will not affect your use of other products and services.
When you use Migu Video, we will request to collect the device's IMEI (for users under Android 10), Android ID (for Android users), OAID (for Android users), and IDFA (for iOS users) for advertising and data statistics. When you use our services, we will collect, store, use, transmit, and provide your personal information to the public in accordance with Migu Video Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"). At the same time, we will explain to you through this policy how we provide services for accessing, updating, managing, and protecting your information. This policy is closely related to your use of our services. Please carefully read and understand this policy, especially the terms that have or may have a significant relationship with your rights (we have highlighted them in bold), to determine whether you accept the services we provide and proceed with the next steps.
（1） Migu Video:
1. Content display, browsing, playing, downloading
Necessary personal information collected: Our product provides you with functions for displaying, browsing, playing, and downloading videos and live content. To track the operational status of security services and optimize the service experience. We will collect information for maintaining the safe and stable operation of our products and services based on your specific usage of our products. Including the following personal information:
(1) Device information: including unique device identifiers (OAID, Android ID, MAC address for Android system, IDFA, IDFV for iOS system), IP address, MAC address, device manufacturer, device model, device language, SDK version, operating system version number, CPU information, memory information, device information, battery usage, WLAN access point (SSID, BSSID), Bluetooth, base station information
Network access method/type/network quality data, mobile network information (including operator name, country), sensor information (light sensor, accelerometer, gravity sensor)
(2) Log information: When you use our products and services, we collect your personal usage records and application records, and save them as operation logs and service logs, including your browsing history, search history, subscription/like/share/comment/interaction/barrage records, favorites/follow/appointment records, playback/download records, content upload/publishing records, access date and time, running process information, installed application information, overall application operation, usage and frequency, application crash situation, overall installation and usage situation, performance data, and application source.
Sensitive permissions for calling: When you download video content to a local video, you need to call your device's storage permissions (Android system).
Video playback and search are the basic functions of Migu Video, in which we will provide you with non personalized high-quality content and search results. How to use basic functions and related personal information, please refer to Article 14 of this chapter. Other permissions will only be invoked when the user uses specific functions, and the app will apply for authorization and consent through pop ups or floating layers.
In order to install or quickly jump from the shared link to the specified content of "Migu Video", and to conduct statistical analysis on the effect of the sharing source, "Migu Video" will call your clipboard function when starting to read the shared link information. The clipboard permission does not require manual authorization, but on some phones, you can choose to turn off this permission in the system settings - permission management of the phone.
2. Register, authenticate, and log in to the "Migu Video" service
(1) When you register and log in to the "Migu Video" service, you can use the "one click login" function to authorize us to collect and verify your phone number, so that we can provide you with quick login services. If you do not choose "one click login", you can also use other login methods, including filling in a mobile verification code login, password login, and third-party account login.
When you choose to create an account through your phone number, we will verify your identity by sending a SMS verification code, and you can improve your network identification information (avatar, nickname, and password) according to your own needs. Collecting this information is to help you complete the registration. You can also choose to fill in gender, date of birth, region, personalized signature, as well as fill in the delivery address information including the recipient's name, phone number, detailed address, and postal code according to your own needs (the delivery address information is only used for sending activity prizes to you, filling out orders when shopping on Migu Mall, and mailing goods by express delivery, and will not be used for other purposes. If the actual recipient information you provide to us is not your personal information, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the actual recipient). When you use the "avatar" function, we will request that you authorize camera storage permissions for taking photos, reading albums, and uploading avatars. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use this feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of "Migu Video".
Camera and storage permissions require your authorization for "Migu Video" before they can be used. The above permissions have different descriptions on different mobile terminals and/or system versions, including but not limited to: allowing "Migu Video" to take photos and record videos; Allow Migu Video to access photos, media content, and files on your device.
(2) You can also use third-party accounts (WeChat, QQ, Weibo account, Appleid) to log in to "Migu Video". At this time, you will authorize us to obtain your public information registered on the third-party platform (including avatar, nickname information, and other authorized information). After agreeing to this privacy policy, you can bind your third-party account with your Migu account, so that you can directly log in and use this product and corresponding services through the third-party account (the first third-party authorization login requires binding a mobile phone number for verification). The Tencent login SDK needs to obtain your device IMSI information to provide multiple and convenient login methods.
3. Provide recording and voice search services
When you use the recording and voice search functions, we need to request microphone permission from you to obtain your voice input information.
The recording and voice search functions require your authorization for "Migu Video" before they can be used. The above permissions have different descriptions on different mobile terminals and/or system versions, including but not limited to: allowing "Migu Video" to apply for microphone permission/recording permission.
4. Provide personalized content recommendation services
Migu Video will use the following information for personalized content recommendation services:
(1) Page access, content usage, social interaction, follow and share your usage behavior information, usage duration information;
(2) Feedback, posting, liking, commenting, bookmarking, scheduling, bullet comments, and other information that you actively provide;
(3) Geographic location information obtained with your explicit consent. 	
After algorithm analysis, we will present or push you content that you may be interested in. These contents are mainly presented in the following functions or columns:
-Home>Selected Page Content;
-Short video FEED streaming content
We may combine the above information with information from our other services, analyze it through algorithms, and provide personalized recommendations, displays, or recommendations of specific short video information or services that you may be interested in. When you do not agree to our provision of the aforementioned services, you can choose to turn them off through the "My Settings Content Recommendation Management" path, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of "Migu Video". Please be aware that we have conducted de identification processing in accordance with laws and regulations when collecting and using the above information.
5. Provide content upload services
When you use the content upload service ("G Customer Video Upload"), we may request permission to read photos and store them for local content upload. When you refuse authorization to provide, you will not be able to use this feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of "Migu Video".
The photo taking and photo album reading functions require your authorization for "Migu Video" before they can be used
The above permissions may have different descriptions on different mobile terminals and/or system versions, including but not limited to: allowing "Migu Video" to access photos, media content, and files on your device.
6. Provide "TV casting" service
When you use the "TV casting" service, we may request permission to connect and bind your TV device for watching "Migu Video" content on your TV device. When you refuse authorization to provide, you will not be able to use this feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of "Migu Video". Please be aware that due to limitations in TV device model and functionality, the 'TV casting' service may not be applicable to all TV devices.
7. Provide "appointment" viewing service
When you use the "reservation" viewing service, we need to request permission to read and edit your calendar to determine if you have reserved a program viewing and set system reminders.
The calendar function requires you to authorize "Migu Video" before it can be used. The above permissions have different descriptions on different mobile terminals and/or system versions, including but not limited to: allowing "Migu Video" to read and change your calendar.
8. Video ringback tone service
When you use the DIY ringtone function, we will request that you authorize microphone and camera permissions for recording and creating DIY ringtones.
9. Cloud audience, cloud private rooms, and live streaming with microphone services
When you use the cloud audience, cloud private rooms, and concert live streaming microphone function, we will request that you authorize microphone and camera permissions to capture your video footage and sound for real-time interaction during the live broadcast.
10. Sharing Services
When you share pictures and posters or give away viewing coupons, we will request that you authorize the album storage permission for sharing pictures and posters or saving and sharing gifted pictures.
You can share page content or videos through the SMS sharing function in "Migu Video". You can send the intended content to your contacts or other numbers in the form of SMS on the SMS interface of the calling mobile system. However, "Migu Video" will not apply for permission to read SMS and contacts in your contact list, nor will it send SMS or obtain contact information in your contact list.
You can share page content or video content in "Migu Video". In order to facilitate your use of the sharing function, we have used Sina Weibo Share SDK, WeChat Share SDK, QQ Share SDK, Mob Share SDK, Share Share Share SDK. When you use the sharing function, we may collect your unique mobile terminal identification information (and current mobile phone status information) to achieve one click sharing to Sina Weibo, WeChat friends, WeChat Moments, QQ, QQ Space functions.
11. Scan code service
When you use scan, scan code to bind TV box, scan code to log in to PC client or WWW webpage, we will request your authorization for camera permission to shoot and scan code.
12. Participate in vitality tasks
When you enter the Vitality Task Center page from the homepage or My Page, in order to improve the opening speed and reduce traffic consumption, you need to download some page content and save it in the device storage space. Therefore, we will request your authorization to access the storage permission for storing necessary page content.
13. Submit feedback and assistance services
When you use the feedback function of "Migu Video", we will request that you authorize the camera, photos, media content, and file permissions of your device, so that you can take and upload pictures when submitting content, and we can track and process them after you submit.
When you use the activity center questionnaire filling function of "Migu Video", we will apply for authorization to provide your phone number information for subsequent questionnaire tracking and follow-up.
When you use the help and customer service functions of "Migu Video", if you need to upload pictures, we will request your authorization for camera permission and storage/album permission (iOS for album permission, Android for storage permission), so that you can upload pictures when submitting content and we can track and process them after you submit.
14. Handling mobile services and traffic inquiries
"Migu Video" APP provides you with an access to online mobile business, through which you can access China Mobile's website to handle mobile card numbers and purchase traffic. When handling mobile business, according to national laws and regulations, you need to collect your name, ID card number, phone number, and detailed address information. This information is collected by the business party when you handle business. "Migu Video" does not collect and store it. Please carefully review the privacy policy of the business party when handling business to protect your personal privacy information.
When the mobile phone number bound to your login account is a China Mobile user, "Migu Video" will provide you with traffic query and display services. If you want to turn off the traffic function of the personal center page, you can turn it off in "Settings - Privacy - Privacy Control"; If you want to turn off the traffic reminder during playback, you can turn it off in the "Settings - Non WiFi network playback" reminder.
15. Ticket purchasing service
The "Migu Video" app provides you with online ticket purchasing services, through which you can select a cinema and use movie ticket purchasing services. In order to facilitate the use of nearby cinemas and ticketing services, you need to authorize the provision of location information; In addition, in accordance with national laws, regulations, and epidemic prevention requirements, your mobile phone number information is required when purchasing tickets.
16. Advertising services
Advertising push service is the core business function of our products and/or services. In this process, we need to collect your personal information and device information for advertising push and advertising effect analysis, including UA, application name and version, phone number, IMEI, IDFA, ADID, OAID, OPENUDID, AAID, MAC address, IP address, device manufacturer, device type, operating system, networking method, geographic location information, operator, screen size, application launch and update time. We will irreversibly encrypt and store the above information. The advertising service will load when the app is opened, so the above information will be collected from you at this time.
17. Anchor starts broadcasting
If you become Migu Video G
Guest anchor, according to national laws and regulations, needs to collect your name, ID card number, mobile phone number for real name authentication, and collect your Alipay account to provide revenue sharing.
18. AR digital experience
When experiencing AR digital venues, in order to locate your current venue location, we will apply for your location permission to obtain location information; To provide AR augmented reality effects, we need to obtain your camera permission to integrate real-life content with virtual reality display; For the convenience of saving AR venue group photos, we will also apply for storage permission to save the photos.
19. Digital ringback tone co production
When using the digital ringback tone co production service, in order to collect your video information and select local video content, we will apply for your camera, storage, and microphone permissions; In order to facilitate the sharing of collaborative content to your contact list, we will apply for contact list permission when you share.
20. G customer account and participation in prize winning collection activities
We collect the following information from individual users of G customer accounts during real name authentication:
1. G customer ID personal users will collect their real name and ID number information (only in Migu video app) during real name authentication.
2. The real name authenticated user of G customer account can choose his own payment method when making revenue withdrawal (only in Migu video app), mainly including Alipay, WeChat and bank account. The main information collected is as follows:
Alipay: Alipay account verified by the user's real name;
WeChat: The user's real name WeChat payment account;
Bank account: The user's real name verified bank name and bank account number.
When participating in the G Customer Award Collection activity, in order to submit content, we will apply to use your storage permissions to select content for submission and win prizes.
21. Participate in the questionnaire survey
When you participate in the user experience perception survey questionnaire, in order to analyze opinions more accurately and collect user experience opinions for optimization, we will apply to collect your gender, occupation, age, and mobile phone number. You can voluntarily fill in.
22. Local Home Living Services
The "Migu Video" app provides you with local home living services, through which you can select local living products and use hourly delivery services. In order to facilitate the display of hourly delivery products and ordering services around you, you need to authorize the provision of location information; When you use the local life home service, you will log in with your "Migu Video" account. The phone number information you used to register for the "Migu Video" account will be authorized by you to log in to the local life home service.
23. Monitor multimedia information
Our client has a built-in screenshot feedback function. When you take a screenshot, it will quickly open the feedback portal, making it convenient for you to provide feedback. This function will monitor multimedia information while the client is running.
24. System Permissions
(1) For users using the Android system, when using "Migu Video" for the purpose of providing, processing, maintaining, improving, and developing our products and services, "Migu Video" may apply to you for the following permissions on your terminal device. Of course, you can refuse to enable the following permissions or disable them in your phone settings. Disabling the permissions will not affect your use of other functions of "Migu Video".
Access location: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use your geographical location. After authorizing the geographical location, "Migu Video" will provide you with corresponding service content for "Migu Video" products based on your geographical location. When you use the "Movie Ticket Purchase" service, it will search for nearby cinemas, and when you use the "Local Life Home" service, it will search for nearby hourly delivery products.
Accessing the camera: You can use the camera to scan the code for scanning and searching; Directly take and upload pictures for avatar settings; Take and upload pictures directly; Directly record videos and upload and publish video content; Use live streaming functions or services; When using cloud private rooms and cloud audience, directly shoot and upload content to achieve cloud viewing and virtual private room viewing; You can also use the camera to participate in AR interaction; Real time broadcasting and participation in video ringtone co production.
Accessing the clipboard: In order to install or quickly jump to the specified content of "Migu Video" from the shared link, and to conduct statistical analysis on the effect of the shared source, "Migu Video" will call your clipboard function when starting to read the shared link information.
Accessing Bluetooth: In order to achieve the distribution network with the screen projector and enable screen casting playback function through adaptive screen projector, we will apply for Bluetooth authorization from you to facilitate the connection of the screen projector.
Accessing acceleration and gravity sensors: In order to recognize the posture of the phone and ensure the direction of video playback display, we will apply to you to use acceleration and gravity sensor data to recognize the posture of the phone.
Access microphone: You can use voice search or AI voice assistant functions by enabling microphone permissions; Directly record videos, upload and publish video content, and participate in video ringtone co production.
Access Calendar: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use the calendar function, set calendar reminders for scheduled programs, and obtain viewing reminders for programs.
Accessing local storage: You can save downloaded videos to your phone for storage by enabling local storage permissions; Upload and publish your local images and video content by accessing local storage.
To ensure accurate recording and calculation of time synchronization information, it is necessary to clear the relevant cache information when your phone restarts. This application integrates a third-party SDK - "TrueTime" SDK on the Android platform, which enables the application to have the ability to start automatically. Therefore, there will be a certain frequency of waking up the application through system broadcast to automatically start or associate with it. This is necessary to obtain the real time and achieve accurate reminder function and service of program broadcast time. When you use login authentication and push SDK functions on Android devices, in order to ensure the real-time and accurate data of this application when it is closed or running in the background, we need to use the self starting ability to wake up the self starting behavior of this application through system broadcast at a certain frequency (such as Xiaomi Push SDK), which is necessary for implementing functions and services.
(2) For users using the iOS system, when using "Migu Video",
For the purpose of providing, processing, maintaining, improving, and developing our product services, "Migu Video" may apply to you for the following permissions on your terminal device. Of course, you can refuse to enable the following permissions or disable them in your phone settings. Disabling the permissions will not affect your use of other functions of "Migu Video":
Access location: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use your geographical location. After authorizing the geographical location, "Migu Video" will provide you with corresponding service content for "Migu Video" products based on your geographical location. When you use the "Movie Ticket Purchase" service, it will search for nearby cinemas, and when you use the "Local Life Home" service, it will search for nearby hourly delivery products.
Accessing the camera: You can use the camera to scan the code for scanning and searching; Directly take and upload pictures for avatar settings; Directly take and upload pictures for exposure or sharing; Directly record videos and upload and publish video content; Use live streaming functions or services; When using cloud private rooms and cloud audience, directly shoot and upload content to achieve cloud viewing and virtual private room viewing; You can also use the camera to participate in AR interaction; Real time broadcasting and participation in video ringtone co production.
Access microphone: You can use voice search or AI voice assistant functions by enabling microphone permissions; Directly record videos, upload and publish video content, and participate in video ringtone co production.
Voice recognition permission: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use voice recognition permission to achieve voice search and AI assistant voice recognition, making it convenient for you to input voice.
Access to calendar and reminder permissions: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use reminder and calendar functions, set event calendar reminders for scheduled programs, and obtain viewing reminders for programs.
Access album photos: You can authorize us to access album photos to save generated poster images, upload and publish local images, upload and publish video content, and set photos as avatars for uploading.
Bluetooth permission: Implement the function of network distribution with the projector and play the projector by adapting the projector.
Siri permission: Implement Siri search and quick use of Siri voice commands for Apple phone users.
Tracking IDFA: We achieve statistics and ad placement by tracking iOS advertising identifiers (IDFA).
Message notification: New message notifications are enabled by default, and you can manually turn them off by going to "Settings ->Notifications ->Migu Video".
You can view the detailed system permissions used for our product through the attachment "Permission Application List" in the "Migu Video Privacy Policy".
24. Regarding the revocation of authorization
For the collection and use of additional personal information, you may give or revoke your authorization and consent at any time. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, or going to "My Settings Privacy Settings Permission Settings". You can also revoke all authorization to continue collecting your personal information by logging out of your account (My Settings Security Center Account Cancellation). When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your consent or authorization.
25. Instructions for Collecting and Using Information with Third Party SDKs
To ensure the stable operation or implementation of specific functions of "Migu Video", we may integrate software development kits (SDKs) provided by third parties to achieve the aforementioned objectives. We will fulfill our duty of prudence and strictly monitor the security of software development kits (SDKs) used by our partners to obtain information, in order to protect data security. The third-party SDK we access mainly serves the needs of you and other users, so we may adjust the third-party SDK we access when meeting new service requirements and business function changes. We will promptly disclose the latest situation of accessing third-party SDKs to you in this document.
You can read the third-party sharing list of Migu Video (see the attachment of this privacy policy for details) to understand the collection and use of information by Migu Video's third-party SDK.
2、 How we use your personal information:
1. To provide you with products or services
2. Provide personalized recommendations/targeted push notifications
We will extract your browsing and search preferences, behavioral habits, and location information features based on your browsing and search history, device information, location information, and subscription information. Based on the feature tags, we will indirectly profile the audience and display and push information to provide you with information display, search, and trading services that better meet your personalized needs.
In order to provide better advertising services and meet data monitoring requirements, we will share some of your personal information device information and usage behavior with third-party companies, including UA, application name and version, IMEI, IDFA, ADID, OAID, OPENUDID, AAID, MAC address, IP address, device manufacturer, device type, operating system, networking method, geographic location information (fuzzy location information, limited to provincial and city granularity only), operator, screen size, application launch and update time, advertisement click coordinates. We will perform irreversible encryption transmission and anonymization processing on the above information.
Based on the information you provide us, the information we may collect, and the log information we record about you, we may use a combination of one or more of the above information for the following purposes:
(1) Conduct user behavior analysis and user profiling to help us better understand how you use our products and services.
(2) After algorithm analysis, we will present or push you content that you may be interested in. These contents are mainly presented in the following functions or columns:
-Home>Featured Page FEED Flow Content;
-Short video FEED streaming content
We may combine the above information with information from our other services, analyze it through algorithms, and provide personalized recommendations, displays, or recommendations of specific short video information or services that you may be interested in.
When you do not agree to our provision of the aforementioned services, you can choose to turn them off through the "My Settings Content Recommendation Management" path, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of "Migu Video". Please be aware that we have conducted de identification processing in accordance with laws and regulations when collecting and using the above information.
The functions of taking photos and reading photo albums require your authorization to use "Migu Video". The above permissions may have different descriptions on different mobile terminals and/or system versions, including but not limited to: allowing "Migu Video" to access photos, media content, and files on your device.
When you use the "reservation" viewing service, we need to request permission to read and edit your calendar to determine if you have reserved a program viewing and set system reminders.
The calendar function requires you to authorize "Migu Video" before it can be used. The above permissions have different descriptions on different mobile terminals and/or system versions, including but not limited to: allowing "Migu Video" to read and change your calendar.
When you use the DIY ringtone function, we will request that you authorize microphone and camera permissions for recording and creating DIY ringtones.
When you use the cloud audience, cloud private rooms, and concert live streaming microphone function, we will request that you authorize microphone and camera permissions to capture your video footage and sound for real-time interaction during the live broadcast.
When you use scan, scan code to bind TV box, scan code to log in to PC client or WWW webpage, we will request your authorization for camera permission to shoot and scan code.
When you enter the Vitality Task Center page from the homepage or My Page, in order to improve the opening speed and reduce traffic consumption, you need to download some page content and save it in the device storage space. Therefore, we will request your authorization to access the storage permission for storing necessary page content.
When you use the feedback function of "Migu Video", we will request that you authorize the camera, photos, media content, and file permissions of your device, so that you can take and upload pictures when submitting content, and we can track and process them after you submit.
When you use the help and customer service functions of "Migu Video", if you need to upload pictures, we will request your authorization for camera permission and storage/album permission (iOS for album permission, Android for storage permission), so that you can upload pictures when submitting content and we can track and process them after you submit.
"Migu Video" APP provides you with an access to online mobile business, through which you can access China Mobile's website to handle mobile card numbers and purchase traffic. When handling mobile business, according to national laws and regulations, you need to collect your name, ID card number, phone number, and detailed address information. This information is collected by the business party when you handle business. "Migu Video" does not collect and store it. Please carefully review the privacy policy of the business party when handling business to protect your personal privacy information.
When the mobile phone number bound to your login account is a China Mobile user, "Migu Video" will provide you with traffic query and display services. If you want to turn off the traffic function of the personal center page, you can turn it off in "Settings - Privacy - Privacy Control"; If you want to turn off the traffic reminder during playback, you can turn it off in the "Settings - Non WiFi network playback" reminder.
When using the digital ringback tone co production service, in order to collect your video information and select local video content, we will apply for your camera, storage, and microphone permissions; In order to facilitate the sharing of collaborative content to your contact list, we will apply for contact list permission when you share.
We collect the following information from individual users of G customer accounts during real name authentication:
Alipay: Alipay account verified by the user's real name;
WeChat: The user's real name WeChat payment account;
When you participate in the user experience perception survey questionnaire, in order to analyze opinions more accurately and collect user experience opinions for optimization, we will apply to collect your gender, occupation, age, and mobile phone number. You can voluntarily fill in.
Our client has a built-in screenshot feedback function. When you take a screenshot, it will quickly open the feedback portal, making it convenient for you to provide feedback. This function will monitor multimedia information while the client is running.
Access location: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use your geographical location. After authorizing the geographical location, "Migu Video" will provide you with corresponding service content for "Migu Video" products based on your geographical location. When you use the "Movie Ticket Purchase" service, it will search for nearby cinemas, and when you use the "Local Life Home" service, it will search for nearby hourly delivery products.
Accessing the camera: You can use the camera to scan the code for scanning and searching; Directly take and upload pictures for avatar settings; Take and upload pictures directly; Directly record videos and upload and publish video content; Use live streaming functions or services; When using cloud private rooms and cloud audience, directly shoot and upload content to achieve cloud viewing and virtual private room viewing; You can also use the camera to participate in AR interaction; Real time broadcasting and participation in video ringtone co production.
Accessing the clipboard: In order to install or quickly jump to the specified content of "Migu Video" from the shared link, and to conduct statistical analysis on the effect of the shared source, "Migu Video" will call your clipboard function when starting to read the shared link information.
Accessing Bluetooth: In order to achieve the distribution network with the screen projector and enable screen casting playback function through adaptive screen projector, we will apply for Bluetooth authorization from you to facilitate the connection of the screen projector.
Accessing acceleration and gravity sensors: In order to recognize the posture of the phone and ensure the direction of video playback display, we will apply to you to use acceleration and gravity sensor data to recognize the posture of the phone.
Access microphone: You can use voice search or AI voice assistant functions by enabling microphone permissions; Directly record videos, upload and publish video content, and participate in video ringtone co production.
Access Calendar: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use the calendar function, set calendar reminders for scheduled programs, and obtain viewing reminders for programs.
Accessing local storage: You can save downloaded videos to your phone for storage by enabling local storage permissions; By accessing local storage
Upload and publish your local images, and upload and publish video content.
To ensure accurate recording and calculation of time synchronization information, it is necessary to clear the relevant cache information when your phone restarts. This application integrates a third-party SDK - "TrueTime" SDK on the Android platform, which enables the application to have the ability to start automatically. Therefore, there will be a certain frequency of waking up the application through system broadcast to automatically start or associate with it. This is necessary to obtain the real time and achieve accurate reminder function and service of program broadcast time. When you use login authentication and push SDK functions on Android devices, in order to ensure the real-time and accurate data of this application when it is closed or running in the background, we need to use the self starting ability to wake up the self starting behavior of this application through system broadcast at a certain frequency (such as Xiaomi Push SDK), which is necessary for implementing functions and services.
Access location: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use your geographical location. After authorizing the geographical location, "Migu Video" will provide you with corresponding service content for "Migu Video" products based on your geographical location. When you use the "Movie Ticket Purchase" service, it will search for nearby cinemas, and when you use the "Local Life Home" service, it will search for nearby hourly delivery products.
Accessing the camera: You can use the camera to scan the code for scanning and searching; Directly take and upload pictures for avatar settings; Directly take and upload pictures for exposure or sharing; Directly record videos and upload and publish video content; Use live streaming functions or services; When using cloud private rooms and cloud audience, directly shoot and upload content to achieve cloud viewing and virtual private room viewing; You can also use the camera to participate in AR interaction; Real time broadcasting and participation in video ringtone co production.
Voice recognition permission: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use voice recognition permission to achieve voice search and AI assistant voice recognition, making it convenient for you to input voice.
Access to calendar and reminder permissions: You can authorize "Migu Video" to use reminder and calendar functions, set event calendar reminders for scheduled programs, and obtain viewing reminders for programs.
Access album photos: You can authorize us to access album photos to save generated poster images, upload and publish local images, upload and publish video content, and set photos as avatars for uploading.
Bluetooth permission: Implement the function of network distribution with the projector and play the projector by adapting the projector.
Message notification: New message notifications are enabled by default, and you can manually turn them off by going to "Settings ->Notifications ->Migu Video".
You can view the detailed system permissions used for our product through the attachment "Permission Application List" in the "Migu Video Privacy Policy".
For the collection and use of additional personal information, you may give or revoke your authorization and consent at any time. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, or going to "My Settings Privacy Settings Permission Settings". You can also revoke all authorization to continue collecting your personal information by logging out of your account (My Settings Security Center Account Cancellation). When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your consent or authorization.
To ensure the stable operation or implementation of specific functions of "Migu Video", we may integrate software development kits (SDKs) provided by third parties to achieve the aforementioned objectives. We will fulfill our duty of prudence and strictly monitor the security of software development kits (SDKs) used by our partners to obtain information, in order to protect data security. The third-party SDK we access mainly serves the needs of you and other users, so we may adjust the third-party SDK we access when meeting new service requirements and business function changes. We will promptly disclose the latest situation of accessing third-party SDKs to you in this document.
2. Provide personalized recommendations/targeted push notifications
-Home>Featured Page FEED Flow Content;
-Short video FEED streaming content
For the personal information we collect with your authorization and consent, you authorize us to authorize our partners to use the de identified collection of personal information to form indirect user profiles, in order to assist us in making advertising decisions and improve effective advertising reach. To ensure the security of personal information, we will sign a Data Security and Confidentiality Agreement with our partners. Your data will only be used for advertising purposes and will not be disclosed to unauthorized parties.
3. To provide you with security protection
(1) When we provide services, we use them for authentication, customer service, security, archiving, and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
(2) Software certification or management software upgrade;
After collecting your personal information, we will use technical means to de identify the data. The information processed by de identification will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that we have the right to use the de identified information in this situation; And on the premise of complying with relevant laws and regulations, we have the right to conduct comprehensive analysis and utilization (including commercial utilization) of user databases, including your personal information;
(3) We collect device attribute information from your end users for security incident investigation, detection and prevention of fraudulent activities, as well as detection and prevention of network attacks and abuse, to ensure network security and operational security.
4. Customer Service
To promptly handle your complaints, suggestions, and other demands, we need to use the account information you have provided to understand, process, and respond to your needs in a timely manner. If necessary, it may also be necessary to use your mobile phone number or other communication methods to contact you. In order to help you solve the problem as soon as possible or record the solution and results of related issues, we may save your communication with us, communication/call records, and related content (including information related to account communication, you)
Other information provided to prove relevant facts, or the contact information you left.
5. As our business develops, we may adjust the products or services we offer. If the type, purpose, method, and scope of personal information processed by the adjusted products or services change, we will inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
6. When we want to use information for other purposes not specified in this policy, we will seek your consent item by item through a pop-up window in advance.
7. You are fully aware that we do not require your authorization or consent to use personal information in the following situations:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts to which an individual is a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) In accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, handle personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations;
3、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of "Migu Video", we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device to collect, identify, and store information about your access to and use of this product/service. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. By using cookies, we can better understand your interests, preferences, and usage habits.
We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For more details, please refer to AboutCookies.org.
You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to personally change the user settings every time you visit our product.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we may also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags. The email we send you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
（3） Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function, which can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your choice.
4、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual outside of Migu Company, except for the following situations:
1. Sharing with explicit consent: With your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties, and the scope of shared personal information is limited to the scope of your explicit consent;
2. The information after de identification processing is shared with third parties, and the sharing third party cannot re identify the natural person subject of such information;
3. We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
4. Sharing with our affiliated companies: In order to facilitate our joint provision of services to you, recommend information that may be of interest to you, or protect the personal and property safety of Migu affiliated companies or other users or the public from infringement, we may share personal information related to product business functions with our affiliated companies, including nicknames, avatars, mobile phone numbers, geographic locations, page access, content usage, social interaction, and ordering and consumption. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing the personal information mentioned above, it will seek your authorization and consent again.
Our affiliated companies include Migu Culture Technology Co., Ltd., which currently or in the future controls, is controlled by, or is under joint control with any company or institution, as well as the legal heirs of the aforementioned companies or institutions; And the parent company of Migu Culture Technology Co., Ltd., China Mobile Communications Co., Ltd., and any companies or institutions controlled by it, as well as the legal successors of the aforementioned companies or institutions. Among them, "control" refers to the ability to directly or indirectly influence the management of the mentioned company, whether through ownership, voting shares, contracts, or other means recognized by the people's court.
5. Shared with authorized partners: Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners solely for the purposes stated in this policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience.
At present, the situations in which we share information with authorized partners may include:
To achieve specific functions and share with business partners, when software service providers, smart device providers, or system service providers jointly provide services to you, taking your geographic location as an example, to achieve this function, we may collect your geographic location information and related device information (including but not limited to hardware model, operating system version number, IMEI, MAC), and provide them to the aforementioned partners after de identification processing. You can refuse to provide such information and not use the corresponding services,
But it will not affect your use of other services.
We will sign corresponding confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this personal information protection policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Our affiliated companies and authorized partners may have their own independent privacy policies and user agreements. We recommend that you read and comply with the third-party user agreements and privacy protection policies.
（2） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, or bankruptcy liquidation, if there is a transfer of personal information, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information and request that the new company or organization holding your personal information continue to be bound by this personal information protection policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. After obtaining your explicit consent;
2. Legal Disclosure: We may publicly disclose your personal information to entities holding mandatory documents in accordance with laws, legal procedures, lawsuits, or mandatory requirements of government regulatory authorities. Including name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication and contact information, communication records and content, account password, property information, credit information, whereabouts, transaction information, which we have obtained.
（4） Stop operation
If we cease to operate our products or services, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information. We will notify you one by one or send you a notice in the form of an announcement to stop operating, and delete or anonymize the personal information related to the products or services that have been shut down that we hold, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
5、 How do we store and protect your personal information
（1） Retention period
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless we have obtained your consent to extend the retention period or are permitted by law. If you cancel your account or voluntarily delete the above information, we will retain your existing personal information for the shortest period required by laws and regulations. Within the shortest retention period required by laws and regulations, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, we will cease to process/use your personal information except for storage and necessary security protection measures. When your personal information exceeds the above-mentioned retention period, we will delete or anonymize it.
（2） Storage area
Your personal information is stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China; If cross-border transmission is required, we will separately obtain your authorization and consent.
（3） Security protection measures.
1. We will collect, use, store, and transmit user information based on the principle of "minimization", and inform you of the purpose and scope of the use of relevant information through user agreements and privacy policies. We will establish an information security guarantee system and take technical measures and other necessary measures to protect your personal information security in strict accordance with the relevant requirements of laws and regulations such as the following Network Security Law, the Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Strengthening the Protection of Network Information, the Provisions on the Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users (Order No. 24 of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology), and the Provisions on the Registration of Real Identity Information of Telephone Users (Order No. 25 of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology).
2. Migu Company will use various security technologies and procedures to establish a comprehensive management system to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, using encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Authorize relevant access; Regularly conducting special inspections on data security and implementing security protection and testing measures; Train employees on data security awareness and security capabilities, and enhance their understanding of the importance of protecting personal information.
3. Please understand that the Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will try our best to ensure the security of any information you send us. However, due to technical restrictions and possible malicious means, even if we have taken various security measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, it is impossible to always ensure the security of information.
4. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, and push notifications. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
6、 Your rights
（1） Query, correct, and supplement your personal information
1. If you wish to access or edit personal profile information or change your password in your account, you can log in to your personal account at any time and complete the above operations through "Settings" - "Personal Profile"/"Security Center".
2. If you wish to check your personal browsing history, search history, uploaded content, or order information, you can log in to your personal account at any time and complete the above operations through "My".
3. You have the right to make corrections, updates, and supplements to incorrect or incomplete information, provided that you have passed user authentication and the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information. You can perform the above operations on your own in the "Migu Video" product, or provide feedback or contact customer service through the contact information provided in Article 10 "How to Contact Us" of this policy to submit correction, update, or supplement requests to us.
（2） Delete personal information
The information that you can directly clear or delete on our product and/or service pages, including favorite information, playback history, search history, and the ways and methods to delete personal information, can be found in the content section of each application product and service under this policy regarding revoking authorization
The explanation.
1. You can choose to clear all search records or a single search record through the "Migu Video" client's "Home">"Search">"Historical Search";
2. You can choose to delete your tracking/appointment records through the "Migu Video" client under "My">"In Tracking/Appointment";
3. You can choose to clear all viewing history information or delete individual viewing records through the "Migu Video" client under "My">"Viewing History";
4. You can choose to cancel your favorites through the "Migu Video" client under "My">"Favorites".
5. You can choose to delete all or individual cached content through the "Migu Video" client under "My">"Cache";
6. You can choose to delete uploaded video content through the "Migu Video" client under "My">"Creation Homepage".
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
3. If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
5. If we no longer provide you with products or services, or if the shelf life has expired.
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated. After receiving a request to delete information, we will review the issue as soon as possible and process it within fifteen days after verifying your true identity. If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible and request them to delete it in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these subjects have independently obtained your authorization).
（3） Withdrawal of consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For the collection and use of additional personal information, you may give or revoke your authorization and consent at any time.
1. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, or setting privacy settings on the Migu website or "Migu Video" product (specific settings are subject to the page presentation of the "Migu Video" product). You can also revoke all authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account.
2. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your consent or authorization.
（4） Cancel account
After you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services and delete your personal information according to your request, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. For specific ways to cancel an account, please refer to the relevant guidelines in the Migu User Service Agreement.
If you need to cancel your account, you can complete the above operation by going to "Settings" - "Security Center" - "Cancel Account".
7、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
（1） We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. Our products are mainly aimed at adults. If you are a minor, please carefully read this privacy policy and Migu Video Children's Personal Information Protection Guidelines with your guardian before using our services, and obtain your guardian's consent in advance. We will protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. Some of our services may require you to provide specific personal information to achieve specific functions (including specialized sections for children). If you choose not to provide this type of information, you may not be able to use specific functions in the service normally, but it does not affect your use of other functions in the service.
（2） For the collection of personal information of minors with the consent of their guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the guardians, or when necessary to protect the minors.
（3） If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without obtaining verifiable consent from their guardians in advance, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
8、 How can your personal information be transferred globally
9、 How to update this policy
（1） Our personal information protection policy may change. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this personal information protection policy.
（2） We will post any changes made to this policy on our website and app. And after the updated terms take effect, we will remind you of the updated content in a prominent pop-up window when you log in to the website or launch the app next time, so that you can timely understand the latest version of this privacy policy and confirm whether you agree or not. If the updated content requires your authorization to collect audio and video, obtain contact lists, contact information, and geographic location permissions, it will result in a reduction or significant change in the practicality of your rights under this privacy policy (such as changes in the types, purposes, and methods of personal information processing), and your consent will still be sought again in a significant manner.
（3） Unless otherwise specified, the revised privacy policy shall take effect from the date of publication.
10、 Access path within the client of this policy
You can check the content of this privacy policy in "My" - "Settings" - "Migu Video Privacy Policy" on the Migu Video app.
11、 How to contact us
If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this personal information protection policy, you can contact our online customer service at any time service@migu.cn Or contact us through our customer service hotline (10086), and we will actively investigate, handle, and respond as soon as possible.
We have established a personal information protection specialist, and you can contact them through the following methods: service@migu.cn .
We will review the issues as soon as possible and reply within fifteen days after verifying your true identity.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit in the court with jurisdiction over the location of Migu Video Technology Co., Ltd.
Attachment 1: Mi
Gu Video Technology Co., Ltd. Advertising Partner
Shanghai Beizi Network Technology Co., Ltd. 4001610553;
Shanghai Jiatou Internet Technology Group Co., Ltd. 021-6226018;
Beijing Soft Report Technology Co., Ltd. 010-82600909;
Hubei Today Headline Technology Co., Ltd. 010-58341751;
Huawei Software Technology Co., Ltd. 950808;
Xinyi Internet (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd vd@adtalos.com ；
IFlytek Co., Ltd. 0551-65331500;
Shanghai Mingrui Information Technology Co., Ltd partner@bayescom.com ；
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 4000617810;
Beijing Kwai Advertising Co., Ltd. 010-53952609;
Sichuan Juliang Engine Technology Co., Ltd union_service@bytedance.com ；
Beijing Kwai Advertising Co., Ltd. 010-5395260;
If you discover any illegal or harmful content issues, you can report them through customer service hotline.
Attachment 2: Other Documents
Permission Application List
Information Collection Checklist
Third party sharing list
Migu Video Children's Personal Information Protection Guidelines
You can check the content of this privacy policy in "My" - "Settings" - "Migu Video Privacy Policy" on the Migu Video app.
If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this personal information protection policy, you can contact our online customer service at any time service@migu.cn Or contact us through our customer service hotline (10086), and we will actively investigate, handle, and respond as soon as possible.
We have established a personal information protection specialist, and you can contact them through the following methods: service@migu.cn .
If you are not satisfied with our response, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit in the court with jurisdiction over the location of Migu Video Technology Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Beizi Network Technology Co., Ltd. 4001610553;
Shanghai Jiatou Internet Technology Group Co., Ltd. 021-6226018;
Beijing Soft Report Technology Co., Ltd. 010-82600909;
Hubei Today Headline Technology Co., Ltd. 010-58341751;
Huawei Software Technology Co., Ltd. 950808;
Xinyi Internet (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd vd@adtalos.com ；
IFlytek Co., Ltd. 0551-65331500;
Shanghai Mingrui Information Technology Co., Ltd partner@bayescom.com ；
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 4000617810;
Beijing Kwai Advertising Co., Ltd. 010-53952609;
Beijing Kwai Advertising Co., Ltd. 010-5395260;
If you discover any illegal or harmful content issues, you can report them through customer service hotline.
Permission Application List
Information Collection Checklist
Migu Video Children's Personal Information Protection Guidelines
Company Profile | Help Center | User Guide | Mobile Portal | Migu User Service Agreement | Migu Privacy Policy | Shu ICP No. 15012512-7 ©  2019 Migu Culture Technology Co., Ltd
