Personal Information Protection and Privacy Policy
Updated on May 25th, 2024
Release date: May 31, 2024
Effective Date: May 31, 2024
summary
We attach great importance to the protection of your personal information and will comply with legal and regulatory requirements,
Take corresponding security measures to protect the security of your personal information as much as possible. In view of this, the operator of the Hello platform (referred to as "Hello" or "us") has formulated this
Personal Information Protection and Privacy Policy
(referred to as "this policy"), and reminds you:
This policy applies to all products and services provided by Hello, which are used in the products or services of our affiliated companies
Products or services provided
If there is no applicable privacy policy, this policy also applies to that part of the product or service. If we and our affiliated companies have separate privacy policies for the products or services they provide to you, the corresponding privacy policies shall apply to the corresponding products or services.
It should be noted that,
This policy does not apply to products or services provided to you by other third parties.
This policy is very important for your use of our products or services. Please be sure to carefully read all the contents (especially those highlighted in bold) before using our products or services.
We will try our best to describe the relevant content in a simple and concise manner, and use bold or underlined text to highlight clauses that have a significant impact on your rights, in order to remind you to pay attention and understand the purpose of Hello's collection of personal information, the personal information collected and used, and the ways and means in which you manage this information.
For the processing of sensitive personal information, we will highlight the purpose and method of processing in bold. If you fail to provide the corresponding information, it may affect the experience of the goods or services we provide to you.
We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with this policy to provide you with relevant products or services. If you fail to provide it, it may affect the experience of the goods or services we provide to you. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through the contact information indicated in this policy, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
Part One: Definition
Part 2: Privacy Agreement Text
1、 How do we collect and use personal information
2、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
4、 How do we protect your information
5、 How do you access and control your personal information
6、 Protection of Minors' Information
7、 How to update this policy
8、 How to contact us
Part One Definition
Hello platform:
The platform that Halo provides Internet services to users, including the client software of the Halo platform (including the channels or portals operated by the Halo platform in the independent mobile clients of the Halo platform or third-party clients), the applet of the Halo platform on third-party platforms, and the management background system
Hello, platform operator:
Refers to the Internet information and software technology service providers of the Halo platform, which are respectively Zhengzhou Habai Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Halo Pratt&Whitney Technology Co., Ltd. Please refer to the specific business operation entities in the platform for details
: Refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
Personal sensitive information
Personal information of children under the age of (including) (we will include specific sensitive personal information in this privacy policy)
Prominently labeled).
Hello platform account:
Refers to the membership number or account of the Hello platform that you have registered under the relevant service agreement with the Hello platform.
Equipment information:
This includes device model, operating system version, unique device identification code (IMEI number, Android ID, IDFA, UID, OPENUDID, SIM card IMSI, MEID information, OAID), hardware serial number, MAC address, mobile application list, GPS location related to the device's location, as well as WLAN access point, Bluetooth, and base station information.
Service log information:
The detailed usage information of our services, including browsing, clicking, searching, bookmarking, payment, transaction, after-sales, following and sharing information, publishing information, as well as IP address, browser type, telecom operator, language of use, access date and time, is saved as service logs.
It refers to the process in which personal information cannot be identified as a specific natural person and cannot be restored after processing.
Part 2 Privacy Policy Text
1、 How do we collect and use personal information
When you use our products/services
The personal information we need/may need to collect and use from you includes the following two types:
To achieve the basic functions of providing our products/services to you, you must authorize us to collect and use necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products/services normally.
To provide you with additional features of our products/services, you may choose to authorize us to collect and use the information. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the relevant additional features or achieve the intended functional effects, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products/services.
You understand and agree that:
1. We are committed to creating a diverse range of products and services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, and the differences in the specific product/service scope chosen by different users, the types and scope of personal information collected and used for basic/additional functions may vary accordingly. Please refer to the specific product/service functions.
We will separately explain the purpose, scope, and usage of the corresponding information to you through updating this policy, pop ups, page prompts, and other means, and provide you with the option to choose your own consent. We will collect and use the information with your explicit consent.
And bind it with your Hello platform account, so that you can directly log in and use our products/services through a third-party account. We will use your relevant information within the scope authorized by you.
We will
To achieve the following functions of this policy, collect and use your personal information,
If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions and/or products and/or services
Help you become a user of the Hello platform
When you register and log in to the Hello platform, we will obtain your authorization
We need to obtain your
When using the Hello platform services, according to the requirements of the Cybersecurity Law, you need to complete real name authentication, and we need to collect your information
ID card information
, ID photo
If you are a student user of a cooperative university,
During student authentication
We will also collect your student ID information.
You can choose whether to provide a common address (including residential address and company address). After setting a common address, you can more conveniently fill in the starting and ending information of your itinerary, improving service efficiency. If you refuse to set a common address, you will need to manually enter the starting and ending information of the itinerary.
4. You can choose whether to provide a common address (including residential address and company address). After setting a common address, you can more conveniently fill in the starting and ending information of your itinerary, improving service efficiency. If you refuse to set a common address, you will need to manually enter the starting and ending information of the itinerary.
（2） To provide you with goods or services
When you use the Hello platform's bike, scooter, and scenic car services, we will collect the following information from you:
In order to meet the requirements of laws and regulations and ensure your safe travel, we will collect your
ID card information (including name, ID number, passport number, age), mobile phone number information, facial information
Used for real name authentication, purchasing relevant cycling insurance for you, and verifying the age of the vehicle
We can confirm the status of parking spots and the range of vehicle operation areas for your itinerary, and promptly and effectively handle transaction disputes. We will also collect your information
If you apply for student welfare, we need to collect your
Student ID information (student information, student ID number, student ID validity period, and school name)
(4) To assist you in completing payment transactions, we will collect your WeChat Pay account after obtaining your authorization and consent.
(5) Sesame Credit. To determine whether you are a mortgage free user, we will obtain your Alipay credit results after obtaining your authorization.
2. When you use the Hello platform for ride hailing, ride hailing, aggregated taxi services, and delivery services, we will collect the following information from you:
(1) Car owner information. When you want to register as a platform car owner, we will collect your name, ID card information, driver's license information, driving license information, vehicle information (license plate number, brand, model, color), ride hailing driver's license information, ride hailing transportation license information, vehicle supervision card information, facial features, bank card information, online text messages, order evaluation information, and collection address.
At the same time, we also need to collect your risk assessment indicators (credit information, whether there is a criminal record and other information prohibited by laws and regulations from a legally qualified third-party risk control service agency). To this end, we need to use your personal information (name, ID number, driver's license number, mobile phone number, license plate number) to query the third-party risk control service agency within the necessary scope. Please understand that, based on the necessity of providing risk control services to us, third-party risk control service agencies will lawfully retain your personal information within the necessary scope for relevant agencies to collect information and use it to complete risk control analysis. We will make a comprehensive judgment based on the aforementioned risk indicators and other information authorized by you, in order to confirm whether you can become a car owner. At the same time, we need to provide your risk performance desensitization indicators to third-party risk control service providers to further improve the quality and efficiency of risk control services. If you do not have a real name on the platform, you need to authorize the use of your Alipay account for real name authentication when registering the owner through the APP. Please understand that in order to protect your and others' legitimate rights and ensure the safe operation of the service, if you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to apply to become a car owner.
(2) Contact information. When using the service, you can choose to add emergency contacts and set up automatic sharing of itineraries. When adding emergency contacts, you need to manually enter their name and phone number. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your emergency contact information, and in the event of a security incident, we will not be able to better protect your personal and property safety.
(3) Location information. To enable you to access relevant services without manually entering geographic coordinates, we will prompt you to choose whether to allow the platform to obtain your location information before you use the platform services for the first time. After obtaining your permission, we will obtain your location information through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that can provide relevant information. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your real-time location, provide better services, and ensure your personal and property safety.
(4) Order information and transaction status. We will record your departure location, destination, tracking information, mileage, departure time, arrival time, travel duration, order amount and other order information, as well as the transaction status of the order. We collect the above information to ensure your personal and property safety within the scope of laws and regulations, and to promptly and effectively handle transaction disputes. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your order information, provide better services, and ensure your personal and property safety.
If you are the car owner, we also need to collect information on the number of seats or whether you have family or friends with you. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to provide services based on the above information and better match corresponding services for you.
If you are a passenger, in order to better understand your needs and show you suitable car owners, we also need to collect your number of passengers, special passenger types (pregnant women, children, infants and young children, wheelchair passengers, whether you carry pets, whether you carry large cargo), and whether you accept seat sharing information. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will be unable to provide services based on the above information and cannot better match corresponding services for you.
(5) Recording information. The platform has launched a recording function, which will collect the sound information of the car environment during your journey through software or hardware devices authorized by you or the car owner. This is used by the platform to verify facts and facilitate handling in case of disputes or safety accidents
. The opening conditions, starting time, and saving rules for recording shall be subject to the rules announced by the platform or the agreement reached with you separately. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your itinerary recording information, provide better services or restore details of events that occurred in the car, and ensure your personal and property safety.
If you make or receive phone calls or send text messages through the platform, we will collect your call duration, calling and receiving phone numbers, voice or text content, which is used by the platform to verify the facts and facilitate handling in case of disputes or security incidents. The specific rules shall be subject to the rules published by the platform or the agreement reached with you separately. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain it, and we will not be able to provide better services and ensure your personal and property safety.
(6) Video recording information. Some registered vehicles on certain platforms may be equipped with in car video recorders. During your use of platform products or services, video information may be recorded, which is used by the platform to verify facts and facilitate handling in case of disputes or safety accidents. The specific rules announced by the platform or the agreement reached with you shall prevail. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your video information, provide better services, and ensure your personal and property safety.
1.2 When you use the aggregated ride hailing service, you are using the ride hailing service provided by a third-party service provider through the Hello platform. We will share your phone number, itinerary information, order information, evaluation information, and complaint information with the third-party service provider so that they can provide you with ride hailing services.
1.3 When you use Hello services through a third-party platform, we will indirectly obtain your phone number, location information, order information, and device number from the third party to identify your identity, determine your location, and provide you with ride hailing or taxi services.
3. When you use Hello Electric Car Service, we will collect the following information from you:
(1) Identity information (name, ID number, age), mobile phone number. Used for real name authentication, verifying your car purchase qualifications, and ensuring your safe travel; Orders with car loss insurance services also require the use of this information for insurance and claims.
(2) Location information. Due to the different services or activities available in each city, we will also collect your location information when choosing electric vehicle services.
(3) Delivery address. If you choose home delivery, you also need to provide a shipping address. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, the Hello platform will not be able to provide you with the corresponding services.
(4) Cycling trajectory and latitude and longitude information. To ensure your cycling safety and vehicle safety, we will also collect your cycling trajectory, latitude and longitude information, number of rides, distance, duration, and date.
(5) Device information (phone model, system version, phone device number IMEI information). In order to enhance your user experience, we will create compatible page displays and adaptation functions based on different phone models and system versions. Therefore, we need to collect your device information mentioned above.
(6) Member information (personal profile picture, nickname, membership status, points). In order to provide you with more comprehensive rights and benefits services, we will collect your membership information on the above website.
(7) Order information (vehicle model name, payment time, order amount, vehicle code, vehicle ownership store information). To provide you with comprehensive insurance and after-sales services, we will collect the above information as well as your order information for purchasing Hello electric vehicles from third-party platforms. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, Hello platform will not be able to provide you with the corresponding services.
(8) Insurance order information (policy number, report number, report time, occurrence time, location and reason, settlement time, settlement amount). If your transaction order includes insurance services, in order to supervise the insurance company's compensation time and improve the user's after-sales experience, we will collect the above information from the insurance company after you actively authorize it.
(9) Page name and product information page. To enhance your user experience and better recommend products and services to you, we collect the above information from you.
(10) WeChat account. To assist you in completing the payment transaction, we will collect your WeChat Pay account after obtaining your authorization and consent.
(11) WeChat avatar, WeChat nickname. To enhance your sharing experience, we will collect your WeChat avatar and nickname.
(12) Ant Forest energy, number of posts, and number of views. To generate an annual travel report and present you with a cycling report, we will obtain the above information from you.
(13) Sesame Credit. To determine whether you are a mortgage free user, we will obtain your Alipay credit results after obtaining your authorization.
(14) Coupon name information. To enable you to better utilize our discount services, we will obtain your coupon name information.
4. When you use the Hello battery swapping service, we will collect the following information from you and, if necessary, compare it with authorized institutions or government agencies that are allowed by laws and regulations to store your relevant information:
(1) We need to collect your mobile location information for path planning, querying user cities, searching for nearby battery swapping cabinets and stores, and matching the current city business model status and package types.
(2) We need to collect your ID card information (name, age, ID number) and mobile phone number for real name authentication.
(3) We need to collect relevant information about the batteries provided by Xiaoha Battery Swap that you hold (battery model, battery number, battery level, battery health status, battery location information) to help you complete battery binding and perform timely battery maintenance.
Used for student identity authentication.
To determine whether you are a deposit free user, after obtaining your authorization and consent, we will obtain your
At the same time, we also need to collect your information from third-party risk control service providers with legal qualifications
Risk assessment indicators (credit information, criminal record)
Laws and regulations prohibit registration
Information on becoming a car owner
For this, we need to use your within the necessary scope
Driver's license number
Mobile phone number, license plate number)
When using the service, you can choose to add emergency contacts and set up automatic sharing of itineraries. When adding emergency contacts, you need to manually enter
Contact name and phone number
. If you refuse to mention
Based on the above information, we will not be able to obtain your emergency contact information, and in the event of a security incident, we will not be able to better safeguard your personal and property safety.
(5) Considering that the battery safety is involved in the battery replacement service we provide to you, we will insure the battery safety with an insurance company without increasing your costs and for the purpose of ensuring battery safety. If the insurance company needs to handle underwriting, claims, or other necessary situations, we may share your personal information with the insurance company to ensure underwriting and claims processing.
5. When you use Hello Community Services, we will collect the following information from you:
(1) You can share your feelings and evaluations of various businesses on the Hello platform while browsing. You can also post updates and comments through this feature. We will collect the information you post and display your nickname, avatar, and content.
(2) In order to facilitate your management and sharing of publishing updates, we provide you with a personal homepage service. We will collect the information you post during your use of Hello platform products or services on your personal homepage.
(3) In order to provide you with a better service experience, we recommend content with same city attributes. You can choose to provide us with your location information.
6. When you use the Hello train ticket service, we will collect the following information from you:
When you book train tickets on Hello train tickets, you may need to provide your real name identity information (including but not limited to your 12306 login account and password, ID card, military officer's license, passport, driver's license, student ID number indicating your identity, and facial information used to determine whether the 12306 account is collected by yourself), phone number, and companion information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the requirements of the ticketing and its agents. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, Hello Train Ticket will not be able to provide you with the corresponding service.
7. When you use Hello Car Rental Service, we will collect the following information from you: (1) When you enter Hello Car Rental Service, we will obtain your personal location information (including itinerary information, accurate positioning information, latitude and longitude information) to help you quickly locate your current address. Based on your car rental service pick-up and drop off address, we will recommend the nearest car rental company and service to you;
(2) During the process of booking a vehicle, you may need to provide your identity information (including your name, ID card, passport, military officer certificate, Taiwan compatriot certificate, Hong Kong and Macao resident travel permit to mainland China, driver's license, student ID to prove your identity and safe driving qualifications) in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and requirements of relevant parties (car rental companies and partners). If the information you provide is not personal, please ensure that you have obtained authorization and consent from the relevant person;
(3) During the process of booking a vehicle, you may need to provide your phone number for confirmation of vehicle booking information, as well as for platform customer service and rental companies and partners to contact you and provide necessary services in a timely manner.
(4) During your use of the vehicle, you may need to provide your software usage records, click records, as well as facial recognition features and user phone communication recordings.
(5) After you safely return the car to the rental company, Hello Car Rental and its cooperating car rental companies and other partners may need to obtain information on the vehicle violations and insurance claims related to your rental during this trip in order to complete the processing of vehicle violations and insurance claims.
(6) During your use of Hello Car Rental Services, in order to provide you with better quality services, we will collect, analyze, and process your name, phone number, and identification number: (a) to protect the security of your account, we will verify your identity and information; (b) In order to evaluate your necessary creditworthiness and continuously provide suitable services, we will make model-based intelligent risk control decisions (including but not limited to my performance, illegal and breach of contract situations, and other legal and compliance purposes).
8. To provide/display financial information services to you, we will collect the following information from you:
When you use the financial information services provided/displayed on the platforms "Zhenqianqian" and "Travel Insurance", we may also collect your personal information (including facial information, education level, place of residence, monthly salary, detailed address), contact information (name, phone number, relationship), ID information, bank card information. According to the requirements of the financial institutions that actually provide services, we may also collect your work information (company name, company address, company contact information, occupation, industry) and marital status. We will provide this information to the public through the following methods based on the following purposes:
(1) We will adopt desensitization, de identification, and anonymization methods to comprehensively analyze and process your information, in order to provide you with more accurate, personalized, smooth, and convenient services, or help us evaluate, improve, or design services and operational activities.
(2) In order to enhance your service experience and recommend better or more suitable services, we may form group feature tags based on your information. Without targeting specific features, we may provide you with marketing activity notifications, commercial electronic information, or advertisements (SMS, phone voice) that you may be interested in. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can unsubscribe according to the methods we provide.
(3) According to applicable laws, we may anonymize your personal information through technical and other necessary measures, and use the processed data for research, statistical analysis, model building, and prediction, to provide product or service support for business decisions, and to improve our products and services (such as machine learning or model algorithm training). We do not need to notify you separately or obtain your consent for the use of such processed data.
(4) We may collaborate with partners who engage in advertising and content promotion, entrusting them to process information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness. However, unless we obtain your permission, we will not share information used to identify your personal identity, or we will only provide partners with processed information that cannot identify your personal identity, in order to help them improve the effective reach of promotional content without identifying your personal identity.
(5) In order to provide you with higher quality and secure financial information services, and to comply with current anti telecom fraud regulations and national standards for preventing computer viruses, we may collect your software installation list,
Used to monitor whether there are any related risks associated with the corresponding devices you log in and operate.
For specific information collection and usage rules, please refer to the specific service agreement/document/rule separately signed with you, as well as the "Zhenqianqian Personal Information Protection and Privacy Policy" and "Travel Insurance Personal Information Protection and Privacy Policy" under the "Borrowing Money" channel of Zhenqianqian.
9. When you use the car loan information service, we will collect the following information from you: when you apply for the car loan service, according to the requirements of the actual loan issuing institution, you need to provide your GPS location, name, mobile phone number, license plate number, and purchase method. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with the corresponding service.
10. When you use the Hello co branded credit card service, we collect the following information from you: When you apply for a credit card at the Hello Credit Card Center, according to the specific requirements of the issuing bank, you are required to provide your GPS location, name, phone number, and identification information that has been verified and retained in Hello. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with the corresponding service.
11. When you use gaming services, we will collect the following information from you:
(1) Real name authentication: When you use the identity authentication function or related services, according to relevant laws and regulations, you will need to provide your real personal information (real name, phone number) and identity document information to complete real name authentication (specific requirements shall be subject to the laws and regulations followed by the services/products used).
(2) Payment: Please note that the payment function is provided to you by a third-party payment institution that cooperates with us. Third party payment institutions may need to collect your name, bank card type and number, expiration date, and mobile phone number. Bank card number, expiration date, and mobile phone number are necessary information for payment functions. Refusing to provide them will result in you being unable to use the function, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions.
(3) We will adopt desensitization, de identification, and anonymization methods to comprehensively analyze and process your information, in order to provide you with more accurate, personalized, smooth, and convenient services, or help us evaluate, improve, or design services and operational activities.
(4) In order to enhance your service experience and recommend better or more suitable services, we may form group feature tags based on your information. Without targeting specific features, we may provide you with marketing activity notifications, commercial electronic information, or advertisements (SMS, phone voice) that you may be interested in. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can unsubscribe according to the methods we provide.
(5) We may collaborate with partners who engage in advertising and content promotion, entrusting them to process information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness. However, unless we obtain your permission, we will not share information used to identify your personal identity, or we will only provide partners with processed information that cannot identify your personal identity, in order to help them improve the effective reach of promotional content without identifying your personal identity.
12. When you use the Hello Mall service, we will collect the following information from you:
You need to provide contact information (name, gender, phone number, shipping address) and product preferences (such as quantity, color, specifications) based on the selected service type for online shopping of the products you have booked/ordered on Hello. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, Hello Mall will not be able to provide you with the corresponding services.
13. When you use the Hello Ticket Service, we will collect the following information from you: (1) When you enter the Hello Ticket Service page, we will obtain your personal location information (including accurate positioning information, latitude and longitude information) to help quickly locate your current address and recommend nearby and surrounding scenic spots based on your city and location; (2) In the process of booking tickets, you may need to provide your identity information (including your name, ID card, passport, military officer certificate, Taiwan compatriot certificate, Hong Kong and Macao resident travel permit to mainland China, driver's license, student ID card to prove your identity and serve as proof of admission) in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and requirements of relevant parties (scenic spots and partners); (3) During the process of booking tickets, you may need to provide your phone number and email address for confirmation of ticket booking information, as well as to facilitate the sending of necessary information for admission, platform customer service, and contact with scenic spot officials and partners to provide you with necessary services in a timely manner. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, Hello Ticket may not be able to provide you with the corresponding services.
To enable you to access relevant services without manually entering geographic coordinates, we will prompt you to choose whether to allow the platform to access your services before your first use of the platform
. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your real-time location, provide better services, and ensure your personal and property safety.
We will record your
Departure point, destination
Mileage, departure time, arrival time, travel duration, order amount, and others
Order information
We collect the above information to ensure your personal and property safety within the scope of laws and regulations, and to promptly and effectively handle transaction disputes. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your order information, provide better services, and ensure your personal and property safety.
If you are the car owner, we also need to collect information on the number of seats or whether you have family or friends with you. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to provide services based on the above information and better match corresponding services for you.
If you are a passenger, in order to better understand your needs and show you suitable car owners, we also need to collect your number of passengers, special passenger types (pregnant women, children, infants and young children, wheelchair passengers, whether you carry pets, whether you carry large cargo), and whether you accept seat sharing information. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will be unable to provide services based on the above information and cannot better match corresponding services for you.
The platform has launched a recording function, which will be collected through software or hardware devices authorized by you or the car owner
This is used by the platform to verify facts and facilitate handling in case of disputes or safety accidents. The opening conditions, starting time, and saving rules for recording shall be subject to the rules announced by the platform or the agreement reached with you separately.
If you make or receive calls through the platform
When speaking or sending text messages, we will collect your call duration, calling and receiving phone numbers, voice or text content, which is used by the platform to verify the facts and facilitate handling in case of disputes or security incidents. The specific rules shall be subject to the rules published by the platform or the agreement reached with you separately. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain it, and we will not be able to provide better services and ensure your personal and property safety.
Some registered vehicles on certain platforms may be equipped with in car video recorders. During your use of platform products or services, video information may be recorded, which is used by the platform to verify facts and facilitate handling in case of disputes or safety accidents. The specific rules announced by the platform or the agreement reached with you shall prevail. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to obtain your video information, provide better services, and ensure your personal and property safety.
Travel information, order information, evaluation information, complaint information
So that third parties can provide you with ride hailing services.
When you use the Hello electric vehicle service, we will collect the following information from you:
Used for real name authentication, verifying your car purchase qualifications, and ensuring your safe travel; Orders with car loss insurance services also require the use of this information for insurance and claims.
Due to the different services or activities available in each city, we will also collect your information when choosing electric vehicle services
If you choose home delivery, you also need to provide
Receiving address
Cycling trajectory and latitude and longitude information
To ensure your cycling safety and vehicle safety, we will also collect your
Cycling trajectory, latitude and longitude information
Cycling frequency, distance, duration, and date.
. In order to enhance your user experience, we will create compatible page displays and adaptation functions based on different phone models and system versions. Therefore, we need to collect your device information mentioned above.
In order to provide you with more comprehensive rights and benefits services, we will collect your membership information on the above website.
Vehicle ownership store information
To provide you with comprehensive insurance and after-sales services, we will collect the above information as well as your order information for purchasing Hello electric vehicles from third-party platforms. If you refuse or are unable to provide the above information, Hello platform will not be able to provide you with the corresponding services.
Insurance order information
(Policy number, report number, report time, accident occurrence time, location and reason, settlement time, settlement amount)
If your transaction order includes insurance services, in order to supervise the insurance company's compensation time and improve the user's after-sales experience, we will collect the above information from the insurance company after you actively authorize it.
When you use the Hello battery swapping service, we will collect the following information from you
If necessary, compare this information with authorized institutions or government agencies allowed by laws and regulations to store your relevant information
Mobile location information
Used for path planning, querying user cities, searching for nearby battery swapping cabinets and stores, and matching current city business model status and package types.
ID card information (name, age, ID number number)
Used for real name authentication.
Student ID information
When you use Hello Community Services,
We will collect the following information from you
When you use the Hello train ticket service, we will collect the following information from you:
When using Hello Car Rental service, we will collect the following information from you:
When you enter the Hello Car Rental service, we will obtain your
Personal location information (including itinerary information, precise positioning information, latitude and longitude information)
, used to help you quickly locate your current address, and recommend the nearest car rental company and service based on your car rental service pick-up and return handover address;
During the process of booking a vehicle, you may need to comply with relevant legal regulations and requirements from relevant parties
Provided by car rental companies and partners
Your identity information (including your name, ID card, passport, military officer certificate, Taiwan compatriot certificate, Hong Kong and Macao residents' Mainland Travel Permit, driver's license, student ID card)
To prove your identity and safe driving qualifications, if you provide non personal information, please ensure that you have obtained authorization and consent from the relevant person;
During the process of booking a vehicle, you may need to provide
Your phone number,
Used for confirming vehicle reservation information and facilitating platform customer service, rental companies, and partners to contact you
To provide you with necessary services in a timely manner.
During your use of the vehicle, you may need to provide
After you safely return the car to the rental company, Hello Car Rental and its cooperative car rental companies and other partners may need to obtain
To provide/display financial information services for you, we will
Collect your following information:
Facial information
Educational background, place of residence
Detailed address, contact information (name, phone number, relationship), ID information, bank card information
Based on the actual financial institutions providing services
Job information (company name, company address, company contact information, occupation, industry) and marriage
And we will provide it to the public through the following methods based on the following purposes:
Bank card number, expiration date, and mobile phone number are necessary information for the payment function. Refusing to provide them will result in you being unable to use the function
Including precise positioning information, latitude and longitude information)
15. When you use the car owner service, we will collect the following information from you: (1) When you use the charging service, we will invoke your camera permission to scan the QR code of the third-party supplier's power station to enter the charging process; We will obtain your precise location information to help you quickly locate your current address and recommend the nearest service site based on the location; (2) We will obtain your historical order information to push discounts and promotions that match your orders, helping you obtain more affordable service prices.
(3) When you use the car owner service's services such as chauffeur, high price car sales, special car wash, violation inquiry, fine payment, refueling, ETC, credit card processing, car rental, car mall, car friend circle, and Autohome (frame inquiry), we will obtain your mobile phone number, location information, vehicle identification code, engine number, and registration date to provide you with relevant services.
(4) When you use third-party services through the car owner service platform, we follow the rules of the third party
The request of the service provider is to obtain necessary authorization from you or have a third-party service provider directly seek authorization from you to collect your necessary personal information (including the information you provide and the information recorded in the system). If you refuse to provide the corresponding authorization, you will not be able to use the third-party service.
16. When you use the discounted refueling service, we will collect the following information from you:
Geographic location information
In order to provide you with disembarkation reminders during your journey, we will collect your information
Trajectory tracking, precise positioning information, and latitude and longitude information.
In order to provide you with advice on the shortest route, we will also collect your information
19. When you use Hello Pet Services, we will collect the following information from you: (1) You can post updates, mutual assistance, adoption, and romantic information on Hello Pet. We will collect the information you post and display your nickname, avatar, and content. (2) In order to facilitate your management of published posts, we provide you with a personal homepage and "My Posts" service, where we will gather the information you post during your use of Hello Pet services. (3) In order to provide you with a better service experience, we recommend mutual assistance and love posts with local attributes, and we will collect your mobile location information. (4) In order to quickly locate your current address during the process of posting, we will obtain your location information.
We need to obtain the location and operator information of your mobile phone number to ensure the accuracy of the recharge received;
Device model, operating system and version, client version, package name, retrieval application, Android ID, IMEI, IMSI, MAC address, SSID, hardware serial number, Bluetooth device address, IP, personal information
21. When you use Hello Travel Insurance Services, we will collect and use the following types of personal information from you for the following purposes:
(1) Help you complete registration and login
To facilitate our service to you, we will collect your mobile phone number and create your account, username, and password. In some services, if you only need to use basic services such as browsing and searching, you do not need to register as a Hello user and provide the above information. In addition, under the conditions stipulated in the Hello service agreement and relevant national laws and regulations, we also provide account cancellation services. You can contact Hello online customer service for assistance. If there is a lack of relevant information, we will not be able to provide you with Hello registration and login services. (2) Providing you with products or services The personal information we collect and use is a necessary condition for providing you with the Halo service. If there is no relevant information, we will not be able to provide you with the core content of the Halo service. If you refuse to provide such information, we will not be able to complete the relevant services. If you order products or services for others with insurance interests and insurance relationships through Hello services, you will need to provide the aforementioned information of the relevant personnel. Before providing us with the aforementioned information, you must ensure that you have obtained authorization and consent from the relevant personnel; 2) To display the order information of your account, we will collect the order information generated during your use of the Hello service to show you and facilitate your order management; 3) When you contact us, we will save your communication/call records and content, or the contact information you left, in order to contact you or help you solve problems, or record the external solutions and results of related issues. 4) To confirm the transaction status and provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we will collect your transaction and payment information related to the transaction progress through the trading partner, payment institution, etc. you choose based on the exchange, or share your transaction information with the above service providers. Information and associate it, including: [1] Log information: When you use our services, we may automatically collect detailed usage information about your use of our services. As for the storage of network logs, your login account, IP address, telecom operator, network environment, language used, access date and time, as well as your browsing history, opening history, duration of stay, refresh history, and sharing during visits. [2] Device information: We may receive and record device related information (device model, operating system and version, client version, package name, search application, Android ID, IMEI, IMSI, MAC address, SSID, hardware serial number, Bluetooth device address, IP personal information) and device location information (IP address, GPS location) based on the specific permissions granted by you during software installation and use. If specific pages/function points on the device experience lag, trigger faults such as crashes, and perform basic functional tests to ensure customer service quality and passenger safety, we will report device information and GPS location information. These basic tests include functional points of various business lines (such as basic business taxi, ride hailing, cycling, Hello car rental, electric car rental, car owner services, special refueling, cash withdrawal, Xiaoha battery swapping, train tickets, borrowing money, delivery and running errands, credit cards, hotels, insurance, super members, pet express, collection and recharge, low-priced charging, electric car home, chauffeur, fantasy fishing, Harrow pets, route checking, etc.) to ensure the user experience, as well as personal basic service guarantees such as customer service, messaging, etc. Settings, All Orders, Pending Payment, In Progress, Completed) To ensure the quality of user service and the safety of drivers and passengers related to orders.
Log information is information that cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we combine this non personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person, or combine it with
When personal information is used in combination, such non personal information will be considered as personal information during the combined use period. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify such personal information. 6) Based on the information you have provided to us, we may collect information from you and indirectly collect information from you. By combining one or more of the above information, we will model programmatic advertising recommendation strategies, analyze user behavior, and create user profiles to provide you with personalized content that better meets your needs for market display and recommendation.
22. When you use the Hello platform cycling Pro service, we will collect cycling trajectory and latitude and longitude information to record your cycling trajectory and display cycling data.
（3） Assist you in completing payment transactions
We will provide you with the name and phone number for registering a Hello account
（4） Customer service and dispute resolution
In order to facilitate your use of our products and services, promptly answer any questions you may have during use, and intervene in any disputes you may have with the product and service providers on the Hello platform, we will provide you with customer service. During your use of customer service, we will collect your name, ID card number, mobile phone number you use when contacting us or other contact information you fill out on your own initiative, relevant goods, service order information, and text and communication records formed in the process of contact or transaction. These pieces of information are necessary to locate the service issues you have reported. If you refuse to provide the relevant information, we may not be able to provide customer service to you.
（5） To provide you with security protection
During your access or use of our services, we may collect some of your device information (including MAC address, IMEI, and other device identifiers for risk verification during application backend operation), service logs for obtaining basic information for interface display, avoiding abnormal login of other devices, and retaining necessary log information to ensure your account security, transaction security, and system operation security. In addition, if you have not logged into your account, we will use your device information for security purposes and to push corresponding information displays to you.
（6） Provide you with additional services
We may collect and use your personal information in the following additional services we provide to you.
But you may not be able to get the user experience that these additional services bring to you. These additional services include:
Based on your location information, we will provide you with page displays, products, and/or services that better meet your needs.
Additional services based on camera/camcorder: You can use this feature to scan codes for login, driving, and shooting after enabling camera/camcorder permissions
Additional services for accessing and uploading images/videos based on photo albums (image/video libraries): You can use this feature to upload your photos after enabling album permissions
To identify or respond to your needs. Please be aware that,
(5) Additional services based on the clipboard: After you grant us access to the clipboard, you can quickly copy gift voucher codes, password codes, order numbers, and service account numbers to conveniently use our services.
To achieve the collection and use of information related to these permissions.
(6) Calendar based additional services: After enabling calendar permissions, you can enable timed calendar reminders in specific event or service scenarios.
（7） To provide you with more convenient, high-quality and personalized services
. We will extract the preference features of the group based on the above information, and display or push services or other information that may be of interest to relevant groups,
Within resource locations, welfare centers, and various business channels
We provide intelligent recommendations for you.
If you do not want to see the service information we recommend for you, you can turn off personalized recommendations in "My Settings Personalized Recommendation Advertising Management" (which will take effect in real time after being turned off) to help you control and make self-service decisions on the recommended content.
（8） To provide you with higher quality or suitable services
In order to enhance your service experience and recommend better or more suitable services, we may form group feature tags based on your information. Without targeting specific features, we may provide you with marketing activity notifications, commercial electronic information, or advertisements (SMS, phone voice) that you may be interested in. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can unsubscribe according to the methods we provide.
In order to provide you with better service, we collaborate with third-party data service providers to predict your feature preferences. To ensure the security of your data, this prediction is provided in the form of an exponential score, and data analysis is conducted under strict de identification security measures.
（9） Other
(1) If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing this personal information to the Hello platform.
(2) If we use the information for purposes not specified in this policy, or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, or if we actively obtain your personal information from third parties, we will obtain your consent in advance.
If we indirectly obtain your information from a third party, we will explicitly request the third party in writing to collect personal information after obtaining your consent in accordance with the law, and inform you of the content of the shared information. If sensitive information is involved, it must be confirmed by you before being provided to us for use. We require the third party to make a commitment to the legality and compliance of the source of personal information. If the third party violates the law, we will explicitly require the other party to bear corresponding legal responsibilities; At the same time, our professional security team will reinforce the security of personal information, including sensitive information reporting, encrypted storage, and access control. We will use no less protective measures and measures than we do for our own users' personal information to protect indirectly obtained personal information.
(3) Regarding facial features, in order to better provide you with relevant services, we will commission a third party to collect your facial features with your consent. Due to the long interval between the time of some user complaints and the occurrence of the order, in order to prevent the deletion of the collected photos during user complaints, we will retain them for 30 days. We promise to commission a third party to collect your facial features.
(4) Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
You fully understand and agree that we
In the following situations, collecting and using your personal information does not require your authorization or consent, and we may not respond to your requests for correction/modification, deletion, cancellation, withdrawal of consent, or request for information:
① Related to national security, defense security, public safety, public health, and major public interests;
② Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
③ Necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts to which individuals are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law
④ To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
Process personal information that individuals have voluntarily disclosed or other legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of this law;
⑥ Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
If we take technical and other necessary measures to process personal information such that the data recipient is unable to re identify a specific individual and cannot recover it, or if we may conduct de identification research, statistical analysis, and prediction on the collected information to provide product or service support for business decision-making, as well as to improve our products and services (including using anonymous data for machine learning or model algorithm training), then the use of such processed data does not require further notice to you and your consent.
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
If we cease to operate products or services on the Hello platform, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting your personal information. We will notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information related to the discontinued business that we hold.
When we want to use the information for other purposes not specified in this policy, we will obtain your consent again in the form of confirmation agreements and specific scenario confirmation actions in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, and national standards.
(7) To ensure that this application can receive client push broadcast messages normally when it is closed or running in the background, it must use (self start) capability to wake up the self start behavior of this application through system broadcast at a certain frequency, which is necessary for implementing functions and services. The platform only uses self start capability in necessary scenarios.
2、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the website, provide you with a more convenient access experience, and recommend content that may be of interest to you, we may store cookies, Flash cookies, or other local storage typically containing identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters provided by browsers (or associated applications) on your computer or mobile device (collectively referred to as "cookies"). With the help of cookies, websites can store data such as your preferences or items in your shopping cart.
If your browser or browser add ons allow it, you can modify your acceptance of cookies or refuse our services
But if you do so, it may affect your secure access to our website in some cases and may require changing user settings every time you visit our website.
（2） Cookie like technology
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as website beacons, pixel tags, ETag, etc. on our website.
For example, the email we send you may contain an address link to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences, so that we can proactively improve our customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
However, please note that if ETag is discontinued, you may not be able to enjoy a relatively better product or service experience.
3、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
Entrustment processing, joint processing
In order to improve information processing efficiency, reduce information processing costs, or enhance information processing accuracy, we may entrust our affiliated companies or other professional organizations with the ability to process information on our behalf. We will require the entrusted company to strictly comply with confidentiality obligations and take effective confidentiality measures through written agreements, on-site audits, etc., and prohibit them from using this information for unauthorized purposes. When the entrusted relationship is terminated, the entrusted company will no longer retain personal information.
In order to better provide you with goods or services and meet your usage purposes, we may collaborate with third-party organizations to process information. We will use written agreements or other means to constrain and restrict third-party organizations from strictly complying with confidentiality obligations and taking effective protective measures, prohibiting them from using this information for unauthorized purposes.
（2） Sharing
We usually do not share your personal information with entities outside of the Hello platform.
1. Sharing under statutory circumstances: In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we will share your personal information with external parties for the purpose of litigation activities or to meet the requirements of administrative and judicial authorities.
2. Sharing with your active choice or explicit consent: We may share your account information with third parties with your consent, allowing you to easily register or log in to third-party accounts. If you actively purchase goods or services through the Hello platform, we will share your order information and necessary transaction related information with the providers of the relevant goods or services based on your choice to fulfill your purchase needs and facilitate their subsequent after-sales service. For example, when you purchase an electric vehicle on the Hello Electric Vehicle Platform, we will provide your order information to the merchant you have designated to provide you with services, so that the merchant can provide you with timely services.
We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this policy.
To achieve the purpose of collecting and using personal information as stated in this policy. We will only share your information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes,
We will agree with authorized partners on strict data protection measures,
Order them to process personal information in accordance with our entrusted purposes, service instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
Our partners include the following categories:
If you use a Huawei/Xiaomi/Meizu phone, the Huawei/Xiaomi/Meizu Push SDK needs to read your device identification number and network related information for pushing/sending notification bar messages; If you use the function of sharing information with third-party platforms such as WeChat, the relevant SDK will collect your device identification number and network related information; If you use the map service provided by Gaode, Gaode SDK requires you to open device location permission and collect device location information, device identification number, and network related information. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information.
(1) Advertising and analytics service providers. These types of partners will help analyze the service quality, effectiveness, and marketing effectiveness of product and service providers on the Hello platform. We will only provide anonymized information that cannot identify you to these service providers to help them improve the effective reach of advertising and service information without identifying you personally.
(2) Financial and credit service providers. According to the agreements or documents signed between you and such partners, or based on the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory requirements of government departments, judicial rulings, or legal requirements of financial, credit review and other institutions, we will comprehensively collect, analyze or process your personal information, and share the processing results with our partners for judging your credit status, screening high-quality users or reducing credit bad debts.
(3) Third party system service providers. These types of partners provide application plugin services to you through the Hello platform. When you use these plugin services, we will provide the authorized information or necessary information for providing the services to these partners. For example, when you use a booking plugin, a booking order will be generated, and we need to synchronize your contact information, booking information, etc. to the service provider so that you can book the services you need from the merchant.
(4) Tool software provider. In order to enable you to receive information push notifications, share information on third-party platforms, use map services, play videos and other necessary functional purposes, our application will embed SDK or other similar applications from authorized partners. If you use a Huawei/Xiaomi/Meizu phone, the Huawei/Xiaomi/Meizu Push SDK needs to read your device identification number and network related information for pushing/sending notification bar messages; If you use the function of sharing information with third-party platforms such as WeChat, the relevant SDK will collect your device identification number and network related information; If you use the map service provided by Gaode, Gaode SDK requires you to open device location permission and collect device location information, device identification number, and network related information. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information.
(5) Facial feature collection service provider. We share facial feature data with Volcano Engine. According to relevant laws and regulations, enterprises have no right to store personal data for a long time. To use face verification, they need to send a request to the public security department, and the public security department will verify the face data. Therefore, we need to share user information with the volcanic engine, which shares user information with Beijing Zhongdun Anxin Technology Development Co., Ltd. and the National Citizen ID Card Number Inquiry Service Center. Relevant information is disclosed at: https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6973/1218943 . The volcano engine stores relevant data for 1 hour, after which it will be deleted. Related information disclosure: https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6456/70590    https://www.volcengine.com/docs/6973/1218939
(6) Third party game service providers. Hello, "Play One Play" is a game aggregation platform. When you choose a game to experience, we will provide your personal information to our partners to better enable game service providers to provide you with services;
For more details, please refer to the "Hello APP Third Party SDK Catalog"
(7) Mobile operators, in order to better provide personalized services to you, will commission third-party organizations (such as communication operators) to conduct feature analysis on your internet preferences, communication habits, location information, etc. based on your encrypted phone number or device, in order to carry out in app user identity recognition and active information recognition on the internet, and improve your service experience in services such as Hellobike, Hellobike, Hellobike ride hailing, etc., with the aim of optimizing marketing promotion and market research.
(8) Other partners. Considering that you use the products and services of our partners, affiliates, and other partners through us, in after-sales and follow-up scenarios, we will provide your personal information to our partners to better serve you; If we think it necessary, we will also insure you when using the service. We will provide your personal name and ID number number to the insurance agency according to the insurance requirements to generate an insurance order. If the insurance company needs to handle underwriting and claims, we may share your personal information with the insurance company to ensure smooth underwriting and claims processing.
（3） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information,
（4） Public disclosure
We will not publicly disclose your personal information, except in the following circumstances:
1. The personal information that you explicitly agree or request to be disclosed.
Including relevant violations and measures taken by Hello platform against you.
（5） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
1. Related to national security and defense security;
2. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. In order to safeguard your or other individuals' lives, property, and other significant interests
Legal rights but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
6. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
Please be informed that according to applicable laws, if we
4、 How do we protect your information
（1） We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect your information, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. We will use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; We will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
（2） We have an industry-leading data security management system centered around data lifecycle, which enhances the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions such as organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology.
For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. And our criteria for determining the aforementioned deadline include:
1. Complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
3. Do you agree to a longer retention period;
4. Are there any other special agreements regarding retention periods.
After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws.
（4） The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China.
You can establish connections and share with each other through our services. When you create communication, transactions, or sharing through our services, you can independently choose the object of communication, transactions, or sharing as a third party who can see your transaction content, contact information, communication information, or sharing content and other related information.
When using Hello platform services for online transactions, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information to the counterparty or potential counterparty, such as
. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information, especially your account or password, has been leaked, please contact the Hello Platform Security Service Center immediately so that we can take corresponding measures according to your application.
Please note that the information you voluntarily share or even publicly share while using our services may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services.
Please use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
（6） We will periodically update and publicly disclose security risks, personal information security impact assessment reports, and other related content. You can obtain them through the announcement on the Hello platform.
（7） After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement.
At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
5、 How do you access and control your personal information
In order to facilitate your access and control of your personal information, and to protect your right to revoke your consent authorization, we have set corresponding functions in the products or services provided by the Hello platform. You can use the following functions to access and control your personal information:
（1） Accessing your personal information
Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, you have the right to access your personal information:
1. Account information: Given that the Hello platform currently only supports account login, if you wish to correct, supplement, or delete account information, you can do so in the Hello platform app;
2. Order information: You can view your order information in "My Orders", but in order to protect your legitimate rights and interests, you cannot delete unused orders;
Please note that after you delete the relevant information, we will not display the deleted information on your platform interface. We will save the information until the statutory period expires in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and delete the information as soon as possible or use de identification processing.
（2） Correct or supplement your account information
The account information you use to log in to the Hello platform comes from your Hello platform APP account. Therefore, if you need to correct or supplement the relevant personal information in your account, you can perform corresponding operations in the Hello platform APP.
（3） Delete your other personal information
You can clear your product or service order information, search information, previously visited store information, and review information according to the methods listed in "Accessing Your Personal Information".
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
1. If our collection and use of personal information violates legal provisions;
2. If we collect and use personal information without your explicit consent;
3. If our collection and use of personal information seriously violates the agreement between us;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you voluntarily cancel your account;
5. If we permanently cease to provide you with products or services.
We will delete your personal information within a reasonable time after verifying your personal identity, and we will make every effort to notify you of obtaining your personal information from the Hello platform
The subject of human information should promptly delete relevant information.
（4） Withdraw or change your authorization
You can set and modify the phone permissions that allow the Hello platform client to access through the phone's own permission settings.
（5） Obtain a copy of personal information
The scope of your request to obtain a copy of personal information includes: mobile phone numbers, avatars, and nicknames that you voluntarily provide or fill in according to this privacy policy
Waiting for personal information.
After the customer service understands your needs,
We will verify your identity and relevant information, and after verification is completed, we will send you a copy of the above personal information through a reasonable means. If you need to send a copy of your personal information to the designated information processor, please contact our customer service. If you meet the requirements of the Cyberspace Administration of China, please provide the method for transferring your personal information, and we will assist you with the transfer.
（6） Cancel your account
Hello platform uses Hello platform account to provide services for you. If you need to cancel your account, you can log in to the Hello platform client and follow the account cancellation process of Hello platform to cancel your account. You can also call Hello platform customer service for consultation.
1. Offline logout: app - login page - encountered problems - logout account; 2. Online cancellation: App - My - Settings - Account and Security - Cancel Account; 3. Customer service cancellation: Contact phone number or online customer service, and the customer service will initiate it in the customer service system.
（7） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to demand an explanation from us, and we will also provide a means of appeal on the premise of not infringing on the trade secrets or other user rights of the Hello platform, as well as the public interest.
（8） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will provide a response within 15 days. If you are not satisfied, you can also file a complaint through the customer service of the Hello platform.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain fee at our discretion. We may refuse requests that are not directly related to your identity, are unnecessarily duplicated, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are unrealistic.
In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request:
1. Related to national security and defense security;
2. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. There is sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
5. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
6. Involving trade secrets.
6、 Protection of Minors' Information
We only accept users with corresponding civil capacity to register and use our services, so we assume that you have corresponding civil capacity. If you are a minor, we request that you ask your parents or guardians to carefully read this privacy policy and use our services or provide information to us with their consent.
If you are a child user under the age of 14, before using our services, you and your guardian should carefully read our specially formulated "Child Personal Information Protection Policy and Guardian Notice" to ensure that you can only use our services under the guidance of your guardian after obtaining their consent to the "Child Personal Information Protection Policy and Guardian Notice". For the collection of personal information of minors through the use of our products or services with the consent of the guardian, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose this information as permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of the guardian, or as necessary to protect minors.
If you are the parent or other guardian of a child, please pay attention to whether the child under your guardianship is using our services after obtaining your authorized consent. If you have any questions about the personal information of the child under your guardianship, please contact us through the contact information in this privacy policy.
7、 How to update this policy
This privacy policy may be changed from time to time.
Without your explicit consent, we will not restrict the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. We will post the changes made to the privacy policy on a dedicated page.
For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including notifications through the Hello platform and even providing pop-up prompts to you).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in terms of control and other aspects. Changes in information controllers caused by mergers and acquisitions;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. Our responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security have changed;
6. The personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk.
You can view the latest version of this policy in the "My Settings Legal Terms and Privacy Policy Hello Platform Privacy Protection Policy" section of the Hello platform client.
8、 How to contact us
You can contact us through the following methods, and we will reply to your request within 15 days:
1. If you have any suggestions or other questions related to privacy protection, you can send an email to sec@hellobike.com Or call the customer service hotline 95175177 on the Hello platform to contact us.
2. You can also directly send your questions in writing to the following address:
9th Floor, Building 1, Xinzhuang Center, No. 28 Yuanxiu Road, Minhang District, Shanghai
Personal Information Protection Department: Hello Travel Information Security Department
Postal Code: 2100
00
After receiving your question, we will verify your identity and process the feedback you provided, and reply to you promptly. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction in Minhang District, Shanghai.
