Adjust the description of "Introduction", adjust the description of "How we collect and use your personal information" (add a new description of "Virtual Live Face Capture Function"), adjust the description of "Partners involved in the data usage process" (overall sorting of partner types), adjust the description of "Constrained Information System Automation Decision", adjust the description of "Terminology Explanation" (update the meaning of "Device Information").
We suggest that you carefully read the updated "Bilibili Privacy Policy". If you have any objections or questions about the terms of this privacy policy, you can contact us through the contact information published in Article 10 of this Bilibili Privacy Policy.
Catalog of "Bilibili Privacy Policy"
1、 Introduction
2、 About Us
3、 How do we collect and use your personal information
4、 Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and public disclosure of your personal information
5、 Your right to manage personal information
6、 Regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies
7、 Our storage and protection of your personal information
8、 We protect the personal information of minors
9、 We protect the personal information of deceased users
10、 Contact Us
11、 How to update this policy
12、 Dispute Resolution
13、 Noun Explanation
1、 Introduction
1. This "Bilibili Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this Privacy Policy") applies to all client applications, official websites, and software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by us and/or our partners for legitimate operation. The terminal devices of the above products/services include but are not limited to PCs, tablets, mobile phones, televisions, set-top boxes, wearable devices, in car tablet devices, smart speaker devices, etc.
2. Due to our wide range of products/services, the content of the products/services we provide to you also varies. For certain specific products/services, we have separately formulated specific privacy policies:
(1) According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, Bilibili belongs to online audio-visual applications. In combination with the definition of basic functions and services of this category and the actual situation of functions within Bilibili, the basic services we provide for you are account services, content search/browsing/playback/recommendation services, security services, customer services, product/service statistics and analysis and other functions. We use the "Privacy Protection Guidelines for Bilibili Basic Services" to help you understand the basic services provided in Bilibili and related services, as well as the data necessary to ensure the normal operation of these services. This privacy policy is a general privacy policy that we apply uniformly, and the user rights and information security measures stipulated therein apply to Bilibili users. (2) The "Bilibili Personal Information Protection Guidelines for Minors" are information protection rules applicable to users under the age of 18. Within the scope of application of the "Bilibili Personal Information Protection Statement for Minors", if there are any inconsistencies or contradictions with this privacy policy, please refer to the "Bilibili Personal Information Protection Guidelines for Minors".
In addition to this privacy policy, in specific scenarios, we may also inform you of the corresponding information collection purpose, scope, and usage methods through separate notifications, instant notifications, and feature update instructions (such as pop ups, page prompts, agreements). These notifications and feature update instructions constitute a part of this privacy policy and have the same legal effect as this privacy policy.
3. Your agreement to this privacy policy indicates that you have understood and agreed that in relevant scenarios, in order to achieve functional operation, we will process your relevant personal information. But this does not mean that as soon as you start using our products/services, we will process all personal information covered in this privacy policy. We will only process your relevant personal information based on the principle of "minimum necessity" to achieve the purpose of providing services to you when you use specific functions.
2、 About Us
1. Bilibili is provided with services by Shanghai Kuanyu Digital Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as "we").
2. Affiliated companies refer to companies or institutions that currently or in the future control Shanghai Kuanyu Digital Technology Co., Ltd., are controlled by Shanghai Kuanyu Digital Technology Co., Ltd., or are under joint control with Shanghai Kuanyu Digital Technology Co., Ltd. Control refers to the ability to directly or indirectly influence the management/operation of the controlled entity through ownership, voting shares, contracts, actual operational relationships, or other legally recognized means.
3. The basic information of our main operating entity is as follows: Shanghai Kuanyu Digital Technology Co., Ltd., established on August 12, 2005, with a contact number of 021-25099888, registered address at Room 801, No. 489 Zhengli Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai, and commonly used office address at Building 3, Guozheng Center, No. 485 Zhengli Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai.
How do we collect and use your personal information
1. We collect and use personal information that you voluntarily provide or generate due to product/service needs, in accordance with laws and regulations and following the principles of legitimacy, legality, and necessity. If we wish to use your personal information for purposes not specified in this privacy policy, or for specific purposes, we will promptly inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again before use.
2. The types of personal information we collect and use from you include two: the first type is necessary for the basic business functions of our products/services. This type of personal information is necessary for the normal operation of the products/services, and you need to authorize us to collect it. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use our products/services normally; The second type: Personal information that may need to be collected for expanding business functions: This personal information is not required for basic business functions, and you can choose whether to authorize us to collect it. If you refuse to provide it, it will result in the inability to implement the extended business functions or achieve the desired effect, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic business functions.
3. You can check the specific situation of our collection and use of your personal information through the "Personal Information Collection List".
Normally, we would
Collecting and using your personal information in the scenario:
4.1 Account Services
4.1.1 Account registration and login
When you register/log in to your Bilibili account, in order to help you smoothly complete the registration/login process, you need to provide us with your phone number (sensitive personal information). Collecting mobile phone numbers is to meet the requirements of the relevant legal regulations for network real name authentication. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number for verification, it will result in registration/login failure, and we will be unable to provide you with the core functions of our products/services. If you log in by email, you will need to provide us with your email address (sensitive personal information) and Bilibili account password information (sensitive personal information).
Mobile phone number (sensitive personal information)
Register/Login to Bilibili Account
You need to authorize us to obtain relevant information (including user ID, nickname, avatar) and identity verification information (sensitive personal information) under this third-party account
Register/Login
4.1.2 Account information improvement and disclosure
(1) You can choose to add your gender, date of birth, region, nickname, profile picture, personal signature, and school to complete your personal information independently. Not filling in will not affect your use of our products/services. The aforementioned information will be publicly displayed on your personal homepage. You can choose to cancel the disclosure of school information in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Security Privacy 】 - 【 Space Settings 】.
When you apply for official certification from Bilibili, we need to collect and verify some or all of the following personal information based on the type of certification you choose: account information (nickname, avatar, profile), identity information (name, ID number and photo, facial recognition features, mobile phone number), qualification certification information (off-site account information, professional qualification information), operator information (name, mobile phone number, authorization certificate, contact email, city). The certification mark and certification information will be publicly displayed in your account.
(3) When you apply to become a lecturer in Bilibili Classroom, we need to collect your Bilibili account real name authentication information (real name, sensitive personal information), contact information (mobile phone number, email, WeChat, QQ, sensitive personal information), your account information on other platforms, educational proof information (sensitive personal information), and occupation information to register and verify your identity and qualifications. Your real name and occupation information will be publicly displayed in your account. Your refusal to provide the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
(4) When we publish notices on penalties for violations, winning events, recommending popular items, etc., we will also disclose your profile picture and nickname.
(5) In order to meet the account information management requirements stipulated by relevant laws, we will display the Internet Protocol (IP) address location information of the account on your personal space page, image/video publishing page, comments and other information publishing pages, which will be displayed to provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) in China and countries (regions) overseas.
4.1.3 Real name authentication
Some of the functions we provide (including live streaming, withdrawal, account authentication, account retrieval, security risk control, youth mode, parent-child platform, online transactions, and reservation/purchase of digital peripherals) require you to complete real name authentication in accordance with relevant laws and our guidelines. You need to provide us with personal identification information (real name, ID type and number, facial recognition features, sensitive personal information, which may vary depending on the actual situation). Your refusal to provide the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide. For the processing rules of your personal identity information, please refer to the "Facial Recognition Service Agreement" and "Real Name Authentication Service Agreement".
4.2 Content search, browsing, and playback
4.2.1 Content Search
When you use the search function, we will automatically collect the keyword information and search history you input. In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored locally on your device and display your search history. You can click to delete your search history.
4.2.2 Content browsing and playback
(1) When you use the browsing and playback functions of videos, live broadcasts, audio, e-books (comics) and other content, in order to provide you with a continuous and consistent user experience, better display the content to you, and understand the adaptability of the product to different hardware devices, we need to record your device information (device name, device model, device unique identification information, browser type and settings, language settings, operating system type and version, application version, IP address, network access method, network quality data, mobile network information), log information (start/update/initialize/browse/click/play/collect/follow up/read/book/add/download behavior records, behavior time, visited pages/products), according to The specific types of behavior may vary. When you use the video listening, small window playback, and background playback functions, we also need to collect the aforementioned information during the video playback period after you switch Bilibili to the background.
We will show you some of your behavior records on the relevant page, and you can click to delete them; Your behavior records (favorites/fans/comics/games played) will also be made public on your personal space page. You can choose to cancel the disclosure in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Security Privacy 】 - 【 Space Settings 】.
(2) When you use the video free data function, we need to provide your login phone number (sensitive personal information) to the operator and/or their authorized agent to check the province where your phone number belongs and whether it meets the eligibility for free data service, in order to show you service content that is more in line with your actual situation.
(3) When you use the screen mirroring function, we need to use the access permissions of the local network where your device is located and collect device information (hardware model, manufacturer, device decoder information) from that local network to confirm that your mobile client hardware device and TV hardware device are on the same LAN, achieve hardware device interconnection and achieve effect adaptation.
(4) Your refusal to provide the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.3 Information
Publication and interaction
4.3.1 Video, Live Streaming, Audio, Text and Image
(1) When you shoot or post videos, pictures, or start broadcasting, we will apply for the use of your storage/album, camera, microphone permissions based on the type of function you use, and collect the video, graphic, and textual information you provide.
(2) When you use the campus function, we will collect the school information and rough location information you provide to show you content information posted by other users (hereinafter referred to as "alumni") from the same school or city as you. The content information you post will also be displayed to your school friends. If you do not want to be displayed to alumni, you can choose to turn it off in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Allow my posted content to be displayed on campus 】.
(3) Your refusal to provide the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide. Your use of the information publishing function may involve personal information or even sensitive personal information of yourself or others. Please consider more carefully whether to provide or even disclose relevant information. If the information you provide or disclose involves personal information of others, you hereby confirm that you have obtained legal authorization from others in advance.
(4) In order to comply with relevant laws and regulations, fulfill the obligation of ecological governance of online information content, and prohibit the publication and dissemination of illegal and harmful information, we will review the content you post through machine or manual means. We will only review the content you post for the aforementioned purposes and will not take any other actions.
4.3.2 Interaction
(1) When you use interactive functions such as commenting, replying, bullet comments, sharing, forwarding, evaluating, following, coin insertion, liking, bookmarking, tapping, tipping, gifts, charging, etc., we will collect your interaction records and content. Some of your interaction records (like count, follow count/follow list, fan count, fan outfit/fan badge, like/coin inserted videos, charge count) will be made public on your personal space page. You can choose to cancel the public follow list, fan outfit/fan badge, like/coin inserted videos in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Security Privacy 】 - 【 Space Settings 】.
(2) We will recommend users who may be interested in you based on your attention and popularity, and you will also be recommended to other users who may be interested in you. If you do not want to be recommended, you can choose to turn it off in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Recommend me to people you may know 】.
(3) When you share/receive shared information, we will access your clipboard when you enter the Bilibili homepage (including when you open Bilibili or switch from the backend to the frontend), and write or read the text, links, passwords, and sharing codes contained therein to achieve sharing and jumping functions. We will not collect or store any other information about the cutting board.
(4) If you are a live streamer, your account information (nickname, avatar), interactive information about your live broadcast (comments, bullet comments, tips, gifts, likes), live broadcast duration, and number of online viewers will be publicly displayed in the live broadcast room. If you are a user watching the live broadcast, your account information (nickname, avatar) and your interaction information (comments, bullet comments, tips, gifts, likes) from this live broadcast will be publicly displayed in the live room. At the same time, we will generate statistical data (such as rankings) based on your interaction situation in the live room and publicly display them.
(5) Your refusal to authorize the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.3.3 Tools
(1) When you enable the intelligent analysis into videos function, we will automatically analyze and screen the pictures and videos in your device's album based on the shooting information (time, duration, content type, gender, age group, gender is sensitive personal information) when publishing videos. After you click "one click into a video", we will generate a video for you; You can also manually choose to add images or videos and click on "One click Film Creation". We will analyze the selected images or videos based on the aforementioned rules and generate videos. We will only analyze and filter within the scope of the photo album that you have authorized access to, and only locally on your phone. Without your separate consent, we will not collect or upload any pictures, videos or their additional information (time, duration, location, etc.) from your local area. You have the right to turn on/off the intelligent analysis function in 【 My 】 - 【 Creative Center 】 - 【 More Features 】 - 【 Creative Settings 】 - 【 Intelligent Analysis Settings 】.
(2) When you use the virtual live facial capture function, in order to achieve better facial image processing and imitation of facial expressions and movements, the third-party virtual live facial capture supplier (Live2D Co., Ltd.) will use live video data in the Bilibili client interface to obtain your facial features (the FaceTracking capability provided by ARKit obtains your facial feature parameters, including sensitive personal information such as eyes, eyebrows, lips, skin, facial feature points, Euler angles of head rotation, etc.), and optimize the calculation according to different facial types. The aforementioned data processing activities are all completed locally on the device, and the corresponding data will not be uploaded to the server. After completing the virtual image optimization, we and third-party suppliers will delete the aforementioned data obtained (we only temporarily cache the data), and will not continue to collect the aforementioned data during your current use of the feature. You can enable this permission by clicking on the "Virtual" mode on the pre broadcast page, and turn it off after switching out of the "Virtual" mode.
(3) If you wish to display your publishing location in the content, you can grant us location permission to automatically add your geographic location information, or you can add it through active selection (filling in, searching, option confirmation).
(4) Your refusal to provide the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.4 Trading and Settlement
4.4.1 Transactions
(1) When you purchase goods and/or services (opening/renewing membership, opening joint membership, purchasing B coins/batteries, charging, tipping, purchasing paid content, purchasing membership/workshop products, purchasing personalized clothing, purchasing digital peripherals, collectively referred to as "goods")
To assist you in completing transactions, ensuring transaction security, providing order inquiries, customer service, and after-sales service, we need to collect some or all of the following order information based on the type of product: order time, order number, order status, traded product information, payment information (payment amount, payment method, payment serial number, payment status, third-party payment channel payment account, sensitive personal information), shipping address information (recipient name, shipping address, contact phone number, sensitive personal information), virtual product consumption and usage records, member activation time, and joint member account information (mobile phone number, sensitive personal information). In order to meet the requirements of relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory authorities for real name registration, we also need to collect your personal identity information (name, ID card type and number, facial recognition features, sensitive personal information, which may vary depending on the actual situation) when purchasing certain goods (cross-border goods, ticketing, digital peripherals). To ensure the security of your account and funds, as well as the safe and stable operation of payment services, and to fulfill legal obligations such as anti telecom network fraud, we will also collect necessary device information (IP address) from you and provide it to the third-party payment channel you choose.
For the convenience of filling in relevant information when purchasing goods, you can choose to add commonly used shipping address information (recipient name, shipping address, contact phone number, sensitive personal information).
(2) After you successfully place an order, if the goods are provided by a third party or require third-party delivery, in order to smoothly, safely, and accurately complete the delivery and delivery of the goods to you, the corresponding third party will inevitably collect and use your shipping address information (recipient name, shipping address, contact phone number, sensitive personal information) during the shipping and delivery process.
(3) When you provide after-sales services (such as repairs, returns, and exchanges), if the after-sales service needs to be completed by a third party (such as the product being provided, picked up, shipped, or repaired by a third party), in order to solve your after-sales needs as soon as possible, the corresponding third party will inevitably collect and use your after-sales information, including: product information, shipping information (sender's name, shipping address, contact phone number, doorstep time, sensitive personal information), shipping address information (recipient's name, shipping address, contact phone number, sensitive personal information), order information, and other necessary information related to after-sales needs.
(4) For the purpose of providing you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we need to promptly obtain and confirm the progress and status of delivery and after-sales. You agree that we may collect information related to delivery and after-sales progress from relevant third parties. We promise to make every effort to ensure the security of your personal information and strictly require third parties to keep your personal information confidential. We will only obtain and use it for delivery and after-sales purposes, and shall not disclose or use it for any other purpose.
(5) Your refusal to authorize the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions or services, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.4.2 Settlement
When you use the withdrawal function, we need to collect your Bilibili account real name authentication information (real name, sensitive personal information), third-party payment channel payment account information (sensitive personal information), bank card information (sensitive personal information), and bank reserved mobile phone number (sensitive personal information) to complete identity verification, account binding, and fund settlement. Your refusal to authorize the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.5 Personalized Recommendations
(1) We will analyze and extract your characteristics (preferences, habits, location) based on the collected information, and form an indirect user profile to provide you with more personalized content, advertisements, and services. For this purpose, we need to collect and use your following personal information: account information (account ID, level, whether you have become a regular employee, real name authentication status, whether you are a member, registration information), basic personal information (age, gender, predicted age group, predicted gender, where gender and predicted gender are sensitive personal information), location information (GPS accurate location information, rough location information, region information you filled in, where GPS accurate location information is sensitive personal information), device information (device model, operating system type and version, application version, application list, device unique identification information (OAID)) IP address, browser type), log information (startup/update/initialization/browsing/clicking/playing/bookmarking/following comics/fans/reading/booking/adding purchases/downloading behavior records, behavior time, visited pages/products, which may vary according to different behavior types), published content information (title, introduction, section, type, publishing time, playback history), interactive information (interactive records, interactive content), and other information collected from Bilibili or provided by other partners authorized by you.
(2) If you do not wish to receive personalized content or advertisements recommended by us, you can turn on/off personalized recommendations through our relevant pages. The setting path for personalized content recommendation/personalized advertising recommendation is 【 Bilibili App - My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Permission Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Content Recommendation Management 】/【 Personalized Advertising Recommendation Management (Manage Advertising Recommendations) 】.
(3) You can also manage the device unique identifier (OAID) through the channels provided by the terminal device. The setting methods for different terminal devices and their versions may vary, depending on your actual situation. For example, some phones can be set up through (Settings Privacy Tracking Management).
After you close, we will not process your personal information for the purpose of personalized recommendations, but will only push you universal content, advertisements, or services that are unrelated to your characteristics.
4.6 Customer Service
When you contact us or initiate customer service requests (such as feedback/suggestions, complaints, appeals, consultations, dispute resolution), in order to ensure the security of your account and system, we require you to provide necessary account information and match it with your previous personal information to verify your user identity. At the same time, in order to facilitate contact with you, resolve customer service needs as soon as possible, and record the processing solutions and results of related needs, we also need to collect and use your contact information (hand)
Phone number, email address or other contact information you provide, sensitive personal information, city/region information, communication information between you and us (including text/images/audio/video/call records), information you provide to prove relevant facts, and other necessary information related to customer service requirements. If you initiate customer service requests for specific orders or games, we will also use your order information and game related information (appointment/download/login/payment behavior records, operating system type, language settings). Your refusal to authorize us to collect and use the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but will not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.7 Security guarantee
(1) We are committed to providing you with safe and trustworthy products and usage environments, as well as high-quality and reliable services and information. In order to maintain the normal and stable operation of Bilibili, protect the safety and legitimate interests of you or other users or the public, we will collect (including in the background) your device information (device unique identification information, IP address, device brand, device model, operating system type and version, application version, etc.) WiFi list information, Bluetooth adapter information, running process information, application list), log information (startup/update/initialization/browsing/clicking/playing/bookmarking/following comics/fans/reading/booking/adding purchases/downloading/paying/interactive behavior records, behavior time, visited pages/products, which may vary according to different behavior types), and use or integrate your account information and information obtained from your authorization or provided to us by our partners in accordance with the law to comprehensively judge your account risks, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, prevent malicious programs, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
(2) After the above information is de identified or anonymized, we may use it for research, testing, analysis, prediction, improving the content and layout of Bilibili, detecting the effectiveness of third-party products/services, providing product/service support for business decisions, and improving our products/services (including using anonymous data for machine learning, model algorithm training).
4.8 Activity Participation and News Notification
4.8.1 Activity Participation
(1) When you participate in activities on Bilibili, we may collect your account ID, nickname, avatar, name (sensitive personal information), gender (sensitive personal information), mobile phone number (sensitive personal information), and participation records; If it involves sending goods or prizes, we may also collect your shipping information (recipient name, shipping address, contact phone number, sensitive personal information).
(2) When you share activity passwords and links, we will collect your profile picture and nickname, and when you enter the Bilibili homepage (including when you open Bilibili or switch from the backend to the frontend), you will access your clipboard to write or read the links, passwords, and sharing codes contained therein, in order to achieve sharing, jumping, and activity linkage functions. We will not collect or store any other information about the cutting board.
(3) For some activities, we may collect your personal information in the short term. We will inform you of the relevant personal information processing rules in the activity rules, page prompts, authorization agreements, and other documents.
(4) In order to determine whether you meet the eligibility criteria for participating in the activity, ensure the normal order of the activity, and prevent illegal and irregular situations such as cheating and fraud, we may need to collect and use your device information (device brand, device model, unique device identification information, operating system type and version, application version, IP address), log information during the participation process (startup/update/initialization/browsing/clicking/playing/bookmarking/following comics/fans/reading/booking/adding/downloading/paying/interactive behavior records, behavior time, visited pages/products, which vary according to different types of activities).
(5) Your refusal to authorize the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.8.2 Message Notification
(1) When you use the product, content, and game reservation reminder function, we will collect your account ID and reservation records. We will push you account updates, user/product/content/game updates, hot topics, recommended content, etc. through system notifications on your device and notifications on Bilibili. You can choose to turn off our notification function on your device, or select the information you want to receive or reject in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Push Settings 】/【 Message Settings 】.
(2) We may send you one or more types of notifications through the contact information you provide during the use of our products/services (phone number, email, QQ, WeChat, sensitive personal information) for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, etc. We may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, activities, etc. that you may be interested in. If you do not wish to receive the aforementioned information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in your mobile SMS or email, or you can contact us to unsubscribe.
4.9 Game Center
(1) When you use cloud gaming features, we collect your account ID to determine your login status. Your refusal to authorize the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide. When you enter a specific game with cloud gaming features, your personal information will be collected and used by the specific game itself, and we will not collect, process, or store your personal information in specific games with cloud gaming features.
(2) If you use an Android device, when you enter the game details page, in order to display the download status button text, we will determine whether the game application is installed locally on the device; When you enter the game channel, game center, and game activity page, in order to better recommend relevant game content to you, we will determine whether the promoted game application is installed locally on the device.
4.10 Other functions
4.10.1 Widget Widget
When you choose to use the widget widget function of your mobile device and add the Bilibili client, when you open the Bilibili client, we will associate and launch Wi Fi
The git widget is designed to reset and refresh the content displayed within the widget at regular intervals, providing you with more diverse information; In addition, you can also activate the Bilibili client by directly clicking on the widget widget widget. You can choose to refuse to add the Bilibili client to the widget widget, which does not affect your use of other products/services we provide. You can also remove the Bilibili client from the widget widget on your device.
4.10.2 Information Pre filling
In specific scenarios such as advertising landing page information filling, in order to simplify the filling process, we provide pre filling functions for mobile phone numbers (sensitive personal information), geographic locations (sensitive personal information), and historical information in the information filling component or page. After obtaining your authorization, we will automatically fill in the aforementioned information for you the next time you enter the component or page. You can modify the information that has already been filled in, and we will not store or transmit the information that has been automatically filled in or manually modified by you until you click submit. If you refuse to use this feature, you can also choose to manually fill in the information, which will not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.10.3 Electronic Contract Signing
Some of the products/services we offer (UP Master Copyright Protection Program, underage broadcasting) require you to complete electronic signing through an online electronic signing system. In order to meet the real name requirements of relevant laws and regulations, help you successfully complete electronic signing, and ensure the security of both parties, we need to collect and provide all or part of the following sensitive personal information to the electronic signing system supplier (Hangzhou Tiangu Information Technology Co., Ltd.): real name, mobile phone number, ID type and number, facial recognition features, bank card number information, and provide them to the corresponding third-party organizations that legally store your personal information based on the real name authentication method you use for comparison and verification: mobile phone number operator (real name, mobile phone number, ID type and number), China UnionPay (real name, mobile phone number, ID type and number, bank card number information) Alipay (real name, mobile phone number, ID card type and number, facial recognition features). Your refusal to provide the aforementioned information will only result in your inability to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect your use of other products/services we provide.
4.10.4 Bilibili Public Welfare
You are unable to use the aforementioned functions, but it does not affect
Real name authentication information for Bilibili account (real name, sensitive personal information)
Contact information (mobile phone number, email, WeChat, QQ, sensitive personal information), your account information on other platforms, educational proof information (sensitive personal information), occupation information
(4) When we publish notices on penalties for violations, winning events, recommending popular items, etc., we will also disclose your profile picture and nickname.
Internet Protocol (IP) address location information
4.1.3 Real name authentication
Some of the functions we provide (including live streaming, withdrawal, account authentication, account retrieval, security risk control, youth mode, parent-child platform, online transactions, and reservation/purchase of digital peripherals) require you to complete real name authentication in accordance with relevant laws and our guidelines. You need to provide us with personal identification information (real name, ID type and number, facial recognition features, sensitive personal information, which may vary depending on the actual situation).
. For the processing rules of your personal identity information, please refer to
4.2 Content search, browsing, and playback
4.2.1 Content Search
Input keyword information and search history
4.2.2 Content browsing and playback
Device information (device name, device model, unique device identification information, browser type and settings, language settings, operating system type and version, application version, IP address, network access method, network quality data, mobile network information), log information (startup/update/initialization/browsing/clicking/playing/bookmarking/following comics/fans/reading/booking/adding/downloading behavior records, behavior time, visited pages/products, which may vary depending on specific behavior types)
Collect/Follow Fans/Follow Comics/Games Played
Select "Unpublish" in "My" - "Settings" - "Security and Privacy" - "Space Settings"
Login phone number (sensitive personal information)
Access permissions for the local network where your device is located, and collect device information (hardware model, manufacturer, device decoder information) from that local network
4.3 Information Release and Interaction
4.3.1 Video, Live Streaming, Audio, Text and Image
Storage/Album, Camera, Microphone Permissions
Video and graphic information
The school information you provided, your rough location information
If you do not wish to be displayed to alumni, you can go to 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Permission Settings 】-【
】Select to close
Your use of the information publishing function may involve personal information or even sensitive personal information of yourself or others. Please consider more carefully whether to provide or even disclose relevant information. If the information you provide or disclose involves personal information of others, you hereby confirm that you have obtained legal authorization from others in advance
(4) In order to comply with relevant laws and regulations, fulfill the obligation of ecological governance of online information content, and prohibit the publication and dissemination of illegal and harmful information, we will review the content you post through machine or manual means. We will only review the content you post for the aforementioned purposes and will not take any other actions.
4.3.2 Interaction
Record of interaction, content of interaction
Number of likes, number of followers/followers list, number of fans, fan outfit/fan badge, videos with likes/coins, number of charges
Select 'Cancel public follow list', 'Fan dress up/Fan badge', 'Like/Coin' videos in 'My' - 'Settings' -' Security and Privacy '-' Space Settings'.
We will recommend users who may be interested in you based on your attention and popularity, and you will also be recommended to other users who may be interested in you. If you do not want to be recommended, you can choose to turn it off in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Recommend me to people you may know 】.
Text, links, passwords, and sharing codes
Account information (nickname, avatar), your current live broadcast
Interactive information (comments, bullet comments, tips, gifts, likes), live streaming duration, number of online viewers
Account information (nickname, avatar), interactive information about your live broadcast (comments, bullet comments, tips, gifts, likes)
4.3.3 Tools
When you enable the intelligent analysis into videos function, we will automatically analyze and screen the pictures and videos in your device's album based on the shooting information (time, duration, content type, gender, age group, gender is sensitive personal information) when publishing videos. After you click "one click into a video", we will generate a video for you; You can also manually choose to add images or videos and click on "One click Film Creation". We will analyze the selected images or videos based on the aforementioned rules and generate videos. We will only analyze and filter within the scope of the photo album that you have authorized access to, and only locally on your phone. Without your separate consent, we will not collect or upload any pictures, videos or their additional information (time, duration, location, etc.) from your local area.
When you use the virtual live facial capture function, in order to achieve better facial image processing and imitation of facial expressions and movements, the third-party virtual live facial capture supplier (Live2D Co., Ltd.) will use live video data in the Bilibili client interface to obtain your facial features (the FaceTracking capability provided by ARKit obtains your facial feature parameters, including sensitive personal information such as eyes, eyebrows, lips, skin, facial feature points, Euler angles of head rotation, etc.), and optimize the calculation according to different facial types. The aforementioned data processing activities are all completed locally on the device, and the corresponding data will not be uploaded to the server. After completing the virtual image optimization, we and third-party suppliers will delete the aforementioned data obtained (we only temporarily cache the data), and will not continue to collect the aforementioned data during your current use of the feature. You can enable this permission by clicking on the "Virtual" mode on the pre broadcast page, and turn it off after switching out of the "Virtual" mode.
(3) If you wish to display your publishing location in the content, you can grant us location permission to automatically add your geographic location information, or you can add it through active selection (filling in, searching, option confirmation).
4.4 Trading and Settlement
4.4.1 Transactions
In order to meet the requirements of relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory authorities for real name registration, we also need to collect your personal identity information (name, ID card type and number, facial recognition features, sensitive personal information, which may vary depending on the actual situation) when purchasing certain goods (cross-border goods, ticketing, digital peripherals). To ensure the security of your account and funds, as well as the safe and stable operation of payment services, and to fulfill legal obligations such as anti telecom network fraud, we will also collect necessary device information (IP address) from you and provide it to the third-party payment channel you choose.
After sales information, including: product information, shipping information (sender's name, shipping address, contact phone number, doorstep time, sensitive personal information), shipping address information (recipient's name, shipping address, contact phone number, sensitive personal information), order information, and other necessary information related to post sales needs
Information related to delivery and after-sales progress
You are unable to use the aforementioned functions or services, but it does not affect
4.4.2 Settlement
Real name authentication information for Bilibili account (real name, sensitive personal information), payment account information for third-party payment channels (sensitive personal information), bank card information (sensitive personal information), bank reserved mobile phone number (sensitive personal information)
4.5 Personalized Recommendations
Account information (account ID, level, status of regularization, real name authentication status, membership status, registration information), personal basic information (age, gender, predicted age group, predicted gender, where gender and predicted gender are sensitive personal information), location information (GPS precise location information, rough location information, region information you filled in, where GPS precise location information is sensitive personal information), device information (device model, operating system type and version, application version, application list, device unique identification information (OAID)) IP address, browser type), log information (startup/update/initialization/browsing/clicking/playing/bookmarking/following comics/fans/reading/booking/adding/downloading behavior records, behavior time, visited pages/products, which may vary according to different behavior types), published content information (title, introduction, section, type, publishing time, playback history), interactive information (interactive records, interactive content), and other information collected from Bilibili or provided by other partners with your authorization
(3) You can also manage the device unique identifier (OAID) through the channels provided by the terminal device. The setting methods for different terminal devices and their versions may vary, depending on your actual situation. For example, some phones can be set up through (Settings Privacy Tracking Management).
4.6 Customer Service
At the same time, in order to facilitate contact with you, resolve customer service needs as soon as possible, and record the processing plan and results of related needs, we also need to collect and use your contact information (phone number, email or other contact information you provide, sensitive personal information), city/region information, communication information between you and us (including text/images/audio/video/call records), information you provide to prove relevant facts, and other necessary information related to customer service needs. If you initiate customer service requests for specific orders or games, we will also use your order information and game related information (appointment/download/login/payment behavior records, operating system type, language settings).
4.7 Security guarantee
Device information (unique device identification information, IP address, device brand, device model, operating system type and version, application version, WiFi list information, Bluetooth adapter information, running process information, application list), log information (startup/update/initialization/browsing/clicking/playing/bookmarking/following comics/fans/reading/booking/adding purchases/downloading/paying/interactive behavior records, behavior time
The pages/products visited may vary depending on different types of behavior, and your account information and information provided to us by our partners with your authorization or in accordance with the law may be used or integrated
(2) After the above information is de identified or anonymized, we may use it for research, testing, analysis, prediction, improving the content and layout of Bilibili, detecting the effectiveness of third-party products/services, providing product/service support for business decisions, and improving our products/services (including using anonymous data for machine learning, model algorithm training).
4.8 Activity Participation and News Notification
4.8.1 Activity Participation
Delivery information (recipient name, delivery address, contact phone number, sensitive personal information)
Link, password, sharing code
(3) For some activities, we may collect your personal information in the short term. We will inform you of the relevant personal information processing rules in the activity rules, page prompts, authorization agreements, and other documents.
Device information (device brand, device model, unique device identification information, operating system type and version, application version, IP address), log information during participation in activities (startup/update/initialization/browsing/clicking/playing/bookmarking/following/reading/booking/adding/downloading/paying/interactive behavior records, behavior time, visited pages/products, which vary according to different types of activities)
4.8.2 Message Notification
4.9 Game Center
(2) If you use an Android device, when you enter the game details page, in order to display the download status button text, we will determine whether the game application is installed locally on the device; When you enter the game channel, game center, and game activity page, in order to better recommend relevant game content to you, we will determine whether the promoted game application is installed locally on the device.
4.10 Other functions
4.10.1 Widget Widget
When you choose to use the widget widget function of your mobile device and add the Bilibili client, when you open the Bilibili client, we will associate and launch the widget widget to reset and refresh the content displayed in the widget at regular intervals, providing you with more diverse information; In addition, you can also activate the Bilibili client by directly clicking on the widget widget widget.
Bilibili client
4.10.2 Information Pre filling
Mobile phone number (sensitive personal information), geographic location (sensitive personal information), historical information
4.10.3 Electronic Contract Signing
Some of the products/services we offer (UP Master Copyright Protection Program, underage broadcasting) require you to complete electronic signing through an online electronic signing system. To meet the real name registration requirements of relevant laws and regulations
We need to collect and provide all or part of the following sensitive personal information to the electronic contracting system supplier (Hangzhou Tiangu Information Technology Co., Ltd.
4.10.4 Bilibili Public Welfare
Donation records (donation amount, donation time)
Nickname, avatar
Sensitive system permissions such as location, camera, photo album/storage, microphone, calendar, etc. will not be enabled by default, and will only be used for specific functions with your separate consent. You can also revoke authorization. Even with your authorization, we will not collect this information when the relevant functions are not needed. For specific details, please refer to the "Instructions for Application and Use of Bilibili App Permissions".
4.10.6 We may indirectly collect your personal information from third parties, and we will require the third party to explain the source of the personal information and confirm the legality of its source. We will understand the scope of consent obtained by third parties for the processing of personal information, including the purpose of use, whether the personal information subject agrees to transfer, share, disclose publicly, delete, etc. These personal information obtained from third parties will be used to provide you with products/services. If our processing of personal information exceeds the scope of consent obtained by third parties, we will obtain your consent directly or through a third party within a reasonable period of obtaining personal information or before processing personal information.
4.10.7 If a product/service that requires the collection of your personal information is not specified in this privacy policy, or if we exceed the purpose and scope of direct or reasonable association claimed when collecting your personal information, we will inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with legal requirements.
5. Cases where consent is obtained through exemption or exemption in accordance with the law
We process your personal information without your authorization or consent in the following situations:
(1) Necessary for entering into and fulfilling the contract we have signed with you;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, defense security, criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and public disclosure of your personal information
1. Collaborators involved in the use of data
When we cooperate with our partners (including our affiliated companies and external third parties, the same below), we will adhere to the principles of "legality, legality, minimum necessity, and clear purpose".
If we entrust our partner
We will agree with our partners on the purpose, deadline, processing method, types of personal information, protection measures, rights and obligations of both parties when processing your personal information, and supervise the personal information processing activities of our partners. If we jointly decide with our partners on the purpose and method of processing your personal information, we will agree with our partners on their respective rights and obligations, and this agreement does not affect your ability to demand the exercise of your rights from any of them. If we infringe upon your personal information rights and cause damage, we will bear joint and several liability in accordance with the law.
Our partners include the following categories:
1.1 Collaborators who provide functional support for our products/services:
(1) Third party payment institutions that provide payment services;
(2) Third party companies providing delivery services;
(3) Partners providing content distribution services (such as developers who have joined the Bilibili Open Platform and obtained your authorization);
(4) Verification agencies that provide real name authentication functionality;
(5) Collaborators providing goods;
(6) Provide partners who offer free streaming services for watching videos;
(7) Partners providing e-commerce shopping functions;
(8) Partners providing digital peripheral purchasing functions;
(9) Partners providing commercial advertising placement functions;
(10) Collaborators providing comic reading functions;
(11) Collaborators who carry out joint marketing activities;
(12) Other service providers (such as Internet TV broadcast control licensor).
Please refer to the "Bilibili Partner Catalog" for details.
1.2 Advertisers
De identified device information, group tags, and advertising data
1.3 Third party SDK partners:
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of the Bilibili App, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and features, the Bilibili App will integrate third-party SDKs or other similar applications. We will conduct strict security checks on the SDK or application programming interface used by our partners to obtain relevant information, and require them to strictly process personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable laws and regulations, except where the partner has obtained your authorization and consent separately. Please refer to the "Bilibili Partner Catalog" for details.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual except with your explicit consent. If it is necessary to transfer your personal information due to mergers, acquisitions, or bankruptcy liquidation, we will inform you of the recipient's name or title and request that the recipient continue to be bound by this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the purpose and method of processing personal information as stipulated in this privacy policy, we will require the recipient to obtain your authorization and consent again.
3. Public disclosure
We will not publicly disclose any personal information that you have not disclosed on your own or that has not been lawfully disclosed, except in accordance with legal regulations or with your separate consent. If we need to publicly disclose your personal information, we will conduct a personal information protection impact assessment in advance and adopt security measures and means that comply with industry standards to protect the security of your personal information.
4. If a product/service that requires our partner to process or we transfer or publicly disclose your personal information is not described in this privacy policy, or exceeds the purpose and scope of direct or reasonable association claimed when processing your personal information, we and/or our partner will inform you again in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements and obtain your consent.
5. Exemption from obtaining your authorization and consent in accordance with the law
In the following circumstances, the use of your personal information by the cooperating party, or our transfer or public disclosure of your personal information, does not require your prior authorization and consent:
5.1 is necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract we have signed with you;
5.2 Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, defense security, criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;
5.3 Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
5.4 To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
According to the Personal Information Protection Law
Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Your right to manage personal information
We attach great importance to your rights as a personal information subject and make every effort to protect your right to manage your personal information, so that you have the ability to understand and safeguard the security of your personal information. The path of management methods we provide may vary in different versions or operating systems, please refer to the actual situation.
1. Querying, correcting, and deleting
1.1 Account Information: You can search for account information (avatar, nickname, account ID, QR code business card, gender, date of birth, personal signature, school) in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Information 】, and correct or delete some information;
1.2 Usage Information: You can check your usage information (including published content, interaction history, browsing history, favorites, order information, address information, etc.) on your personal space page, member purchase personal center page, and workshop personal center page, and correct or delete some information;
1.3 You can also centrally search for your network identity and authentication information, account basic information, identification information, personal property information, published content, and interactive information in "My" - "Settings" - "Personal Information Collection List";
1.4 If your personal information in our products/services cannot be obtained through the aforementioned channels, you can contact us through the methods provided in Article 10 of this Privacy Policy.
1.5 When you discover that there are errors in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to submit your correction request to us through the feedback, error reports, and other channels we have published, and request us to make corrections. However, due to security and identity recognition considerations, you may not be able to modify certain initial registration information submitted during registration.
1.6 When the following situations occur, you can directly request us to delete your personal information, but anonymization or legal measures have been taken
Except as otherwise provided by regulations:
(1) When our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) When we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(3) When our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
(4) When you cancel your Bilibili account;
(5) When we terminate our services and operations.
2. Obtain a copy of personal information
If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal information in our products/services, you can obtain a copy of your personal information through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Personal Information Collection List 】 - 【 Personal Information Download 】.
3. Constrained information system automation decision-making
In order to provide you with rich and diverse product features and services, our product features use some algorithm services. We may send back the graphic, audio and video materials and other data that you actively choose/upload to the server for processing. The collected data will be used for algorithm model optimization and continuously adjust the effectiveness of the algorithm. Without your explicit consent, we will not use the aforementioned information for any other purpose and will encrypt it securely throughout the process.
If in certain products/services, we only make decisions based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc., and these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through the methods provided in Article 10 of this Privacy Policy, request us to explain, and refuse us to make decisions solely through automated decision-making.
4. Withdrawal of Authorization
4.1 You can revoke the authorization of location, camera, photo album, microphone, Bluetooth and other permissions locally on the device or through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Permission Settings 】;
4.2 You can revoke the authorization for personalized content recommendation/personalized advertising recommendation through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Permission Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Content Recommendation Management 】/【 Personalized Advertising Recommendation Management 】 (Bilibili App);
4.3 For the use of your personal information by our partners or for us to transfer or publicly disclose it, you may withdraw your authorization through our relevant functional pages or by contacting us, partners, or recipients, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or as stipulated in this privacy policy;
4.4 You can revoke our ability to collect your personal information through your current device by uninstalling the Bilibili App.
Some products/services require the processing of your personal information to be completed. When you revoke your authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding products/services, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization does not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization. After you update the app version, we will not change the authorization status you previously set without your consent.
5. Account cancellation
After you cancel your account, you will no longer be able to log in and use Bilibili with that account; And all rights and interests that have been generated but not fully consumed during the use of the account on Bilibili and other products and services under its umbrella, as well as future overdue benefits, will be cleared; The content, information, data, records, etc. under this account will be deleted or anonymized (except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or required by regulatory authorities); After the cancellation of the Bilibili account is completed, it cannot be restored.
For more information on the process and conditions for canceling a Bilibili account, please refer to the "Account Cancellation Agreement".
6. Responding to your above request
We will review the request as soon as possible after verifying your personal information subject identity, and complete the processing within 15 days or the deadline stipulated by laws and regulations. If you are not satisfied or have any questions, you can contact us through the methods provided in Article 10 of this Privacy Policy.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. For requests that are technically difficult to implement and do not require a response according to laws and administrative regulations, or if responding to your request would violate laws and administrative regulations, we may refuse and provide you with reasons.
Regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies
1. When you use our products/services, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of your personal information, including: your website browsing habits, your browsing information, your login information. Cookies and similar technologies collect such information for the necessary use of our products/services, to simplify the steps of repeated operations (such as registration and login), to facilitate your viewing of usage history (such as video viewing history), to provide you with more personalized service content that meets your personal needs and may be more interesting to you, to protect your information and account security, and to enhance our products/services.
You understand and acknowledge that some of our products/services can only be achieved through the use of cookies or similar technologies. If you refuse to use or delete them, you may not be able to use our related products/services normally or obtain the best service experience through our products/services. At the same time, it may also have a certain impact on your information protection and account security.
Our storage and protection of your personal information
1. Information storage
1.1 Storage location: In accordance with laws and regulations, we will only store the personal information collected about you within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we do not have any cross-border storage of your personal information or provision of personal information overseas. If it is necessary to conduct cross-border transmission of personal information, we will inform you separately (including the purpose of departure, recipient, mode and scope of use, content of use, security measures, security risks, etc.), and obtain your authorization and consent. We will ensure that the recipient has sufficient personal information protection capabilities to protect your personal information.
Storage period: We will retain your personal information for the shortest period of time necessary to meet the purpose of our product/service. For example, when you register/log in with our account, we need to collect your phone number. After you provide it and during your use of the feature, we need to continuously save your phone number to provide you with the feature, protect your account and system security
All right. In addition, we may keep your relevant information for the necessary period stipulated by relevant laws (such as the Electronic Commerce Law, which stipulates that the retention time of product and service information and transaction information shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction).
1.3 After exceeding the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
2. Information protection
2.1 Your personal information security is crucial to us. We will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, take reasonable and feasible measures recognized by the industry, protect your personal information, prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification of information, and avoid information damage or loss.
Security technology measures: We use industry standard security measures to protect your personal information, prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, and prevent damage or loss. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information, such as using SSL for encryption protection.
Management system:
We establish access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; We regularly hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
Please understand that due to technological limitations and possible malicious means, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of information. However, we will do our best to provide security measures to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us.
We strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your account password and related personal information to others.
If you leave Bilibili and visit browsing pages or other products/services provided by third parties, we will have no ability or direct obligation to protect any personal information you submit to third parties, regardless of whether your login, browsing, or use of the aforementioned products or services is based on Bilibili's links or guidance. But we will remind you to pay attention to entering third-party products or services so that you can better protect your personal information.
We protect the personal information of minors
If you are a minor, before using our products/services, you should read this privacy policy together under the supervision and guidance of a guardian
And we should use our products/services and submit personal information with the explicit consent and guidance of the guardian.
If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, you can communicate with us through the contact information disclosed in Article 10 of this Privacy Policy to resolve them. If we discover that personal information of minors has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from their guardians in advance, we will delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
We protect the personal information of deceased users
Except for deceased users who had other arrangements before their death.
The close relatives of the deceased user who apply to exercise this right need to submit the deceased user's identification documents, death certificate documents, applicant's identification documents, and proof of the applicant's family relationship with the deceased user according to our designated process or customer service prompts, and provide the type and purpose of the rights applied to be exercised.
10、 Contact Us
If you have any questions, complaints, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy or personal information protection, you can contact us through the following methods:
1.1 Contact Bilibili's online customer service or submit feedback online;
1.2 Direction help@bilibili.com Send emails to customer service email address;
1.3 Letter addressed to: Legal Department, Building 3, Guozheng Center, No. 485 Zhengli Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai (recipient); Postal code: 200082.
In addition, we will not be able to respond to your request in the following situations related to personal information:
2.1 Relevant to our obligations under laws and regulations;
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
There is sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my authorization and consent;
Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
Involving trade secrets.
How to update this policy
After the update of this privacy policy, we will remind you in a prominent location or send you push messages or other means to keep you informed of the latest version of this privacy policy in a timely manner.
12、 Dispute Resolution
1. The interpretation and dispute resolution of this privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan). You agree to submit any disputes arising from this privacy policy and our handling of your personal information to the Shanghai Arbitration Commission for arbitration resolution; The arbitration award is final and legally binding on both parties.
If you believe that our handling of personal information has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also choose to report to the relevant government departments.
3. The title of this privacy policy is for convenience and readability only and does not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions in the main text.
13、 Noun Explanation
Unless otherwise agreed, the terms used in this privacy policy typically have the following definitions:
It refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded in electronic or other ways, excluding anonymized information.
Sensitive personal information
3. Device information: usually includes device name, device brand, device model, hardware serial number, device unique identification information (device identifiers formed by MEID/Android ID/Open UDID/IDFA/IDFV/OAID/ICCID and other comprehensive device parameters and system information), application list, operating system type, operating system version, application version, language settings, resolution, network information (service provider network ID (PLMN), network access method, network quality data, mobile network information, IP address, W
IFi list information, browser type and settings, UA, running process information, Bluetooth adapter information.
4. SSL: SSL (Secure Socket Layer), also known as Secure Socket Layer, is a secure protocol implemented over the Transmission and Communication Protocol (TCP/IP). SSL supports various types of networks and provides three basic security services, all of which achieve information confidentiality through the use of public key and symmetric key technologies.
5. Cookie: A cookie is a small file containing a string that is sent and stored on your computer, mobile device, or other device (usually encrypted) when you log in and use a website or other network content. Cookie like technologies refer to other technologies that can be used for similar purposes as cookies, such as web beacons, proxies, embedded scripts, etc.
6. Anonymization: refers to the process of using technology to process personal information so that the subject of personal information cannot be identified or associated, and the processed information cannot be restored.
De identification:
