You agree to the privacy policy, which means that you have understood the basic functions provided by the application and the necessary personal information required for its operation, and agree to the corresponding collection and use. However, it does not mean that you have separately agreed to enable extended functions, process non essential personal information, and process sensitive personal information. We will seek your consent separately based on your actual usage situation.
Version update date
Version effective date
Vipshop Basic Function Privacy Policy
Definition and Scope of Application
The various products and services provided to you by Vipshop website, client, mini program, offline store, and new forms emerging with technological development (hereinafter collectively referred to as "our products and/or services")
If our affiliated companies use products or services provided by Vipshop but do not have a separate privacy policy, this privacy policy also applies to that portion of the products or services
2、 The affiliated companies referred to in this privacy policy refer to companies where one party directly or indirectly controls or jointly controls another party, as well as companies where two or more parties are controlled or jointly controlled by the same entity. The aforementioned "control" refers to the power directly or indirectly possessed to determine or influence the management or decision-making direction of a party through the exercise of voting rights, contracts, or other means.
3、 We strive to use concise and clear language to describe the relevant terms mentioned in this privacy policy, and provide links for further explanation to help you better understand. By using or continuing to use our products and/or services after we update this privacy policy (which we will promptly notify you of), you agree to the content of this privacy policy (including updated versions) and consent to us collecting, using, storing, and sharing your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information? 2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies? 3. How do we share, entrust, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information? 4. How do we protect and store your personal information? 5. How do you manage your personal information? 6. How do we handle the personal information of minors? 7. How does your personal information transfer globally? 8. Notice and revision. 9. How do you contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
We will follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, and integrity to collect and use your personal information within the scope of this policy:
（1） The situation where your personal information is collected and used to achieve basic functions
. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or services normally. The various scenarios for implementing the basic functions of online shopping are as follows:
1. Register as a member
To become our member and provide you with membership services, you need to provide your phone number and create a username and password. If you register as a member or log in as a member using a third-party account, you still need to provide your phone number for creating a Vipshop account or binding your existing Vipshop account. We will verify your identity by sending a SMS verification code, identifying and displaying the corresponding carrier through SIM card information. If you only need to use the basic functions of displaying products or services, you do not need to register as our member and provide the above information.
2. Display goods or services
Device Information [Device Name, Device Model, Operating System and Application Version, Language Settings, Resolution, IDFV, Unique Device Identifier (IDFA)]/
OAID/Android ID information, based on the identification code supported by the device and operating system you are using), operator network type, device status, network status.
Based on the need to ensure that we provide you with a suitable page display in a networked state, to ensure the normal display and compatibility of product or service pages, we will collect and record the device information you use based on the specific permissions you actively grant during software installation and use, including device name, device model, operating system and application version, language settings, resolution, IDFV, and unique device identifier (IDFA)/
OAID/Android ID information, based on the identification code supported by the device and operating system you are using), operator network type, device status, network status.
(1) Browse
When you browse products or services, you can choose to click/bookmark/subscribe/add/follow/share/like the products, brands, channels, live rooms, etc. that interest you. We will collect your operation records to achieve the aforementioned functions and other purposes that we explicitly inform you of.
(2) Search
When you use the search function (including image and voice search), we collect your search history, including search content (search terms, images, voice information), browsing history/time, search time/frequency, and display your search history to you.
(3) Personalized recommendations
To help you quickly find the products and services you need, display information about products or services that interest you, or show you products you may want to find when you search, we will collect and use your device information and log information（
Including your search history, browsing history, order information, follow, collect, and share information, IP address, browser type, visit date and time, and records of the web pages you have visited
）Based on your personal profile and other authorized information, we predict your preference characteristics and recommend products/services, commercial advertisements, commercial text messages, and other marketing information that you may be interested in.
If you do not want to be influenced by personalized content and commercial advertisements, you can ensure your experience through the following ways:
① If you do not want to accept the commercial SMS/intelligent voice outbound service we send you, you can unsubscribe at any time according to the SMS prompt or other methods we provide;
② You can long press the recommended product or service image and choose to block related product, brand, or service categories according to the pop-up prompt;
③ You can choose to browse by category on the product display page
To search for products and services, we also provide you with options in the search results that are not personalized, such as sorting by price and sales volume;
④ You can turn off personalized content recommendations in "Personal Center" - "Settings" - "Privacy" - "Personalized Recommendation Settings". During the setting off period, the pages we display to you will still include the products and services we randomly provide based on the overall popularity of the products or services on the platform, which may reduce their relevance to you and affect your shopping experience.
⑤ You can also turn off programmatic advertising in "Personal Center" - "Settings" - "Privacy" - "Programmatic Advertising Settings". During the shutdown period, the number of ads on the page we display to you will not change, but the relevance of the ads will decrease, which may affect your shopping experience.
3. Ordering and Delivery
You need to fill in at least your recipient's name, shipping address, and mobile phone number in the order. The order will also include the order number, information about the goods or services you purchased, the amount of payment you should make, and the payment method and time.
If you need to issue an invoice, you also need to provide the invoice header, taxpayer identification number, and email address for receiving the invoice.
All the above information constitutes your "order information", which we will use for your identity verification, transaction confirmation, payment settlement, delivery completion, order inquiry, and customer service consultation and after-sales service.
If we entrust a third party to deliver to you, you acknowledge and agree that the corresponding third party will be aware of and use your above information for the purpose of completing the delivery. If you modify the above information after the order is generated, you agree that both Vipshop and third parties can access and use the above information. If you refuse to provide or agree to share such information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services
You can order goods or services for others through Vipshop, and you need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser. Before providing the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser to Vipshop, you must ensure that you have obtained their authorized consent.
4. Payment
Order number and transaction amount information
Bank cards (including savings cards, credit cards) and other necessary payment information
Payment time, payment amount, payment channel, payment number, payment method
Necessary payment information for bank cards (including savings cards and credit cards), including bank card number and expiration date
5. Customer service and after-sales functions
You can also use our self-service service to apply for returns and exchanges, as well as collect returns at your doorstep. At that time, you may need to provide sender information (including sender name, contact information, and address)
To provide you with security protection
We may collect your device information (device model, process information during the operation of this application, Android)
ID/OAID、 Operating system and software version, device status, network condition, battery usage, device network environment information (IP address, Bluetooth information, device sensors), and use or integrate your membership information, log information, and information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or legally shared information to identify whether you are a real natural person user, whether you are logging in from an abnormal location, comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, perform identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law. When user behavior triggers risk control conditions (such as remote login, frequent account input errors, etc.), we will only collect your WIFI information (bssid, ssid) and base station information, and will not collect the above information from ordinary users.
In order to fulfill our legal obligations to ensure network security and e-commerce transaction security, improve the security of our products or services, identify violations of laws and regulations or Vipshop related agreement rules, we may collect your device information (device model, process information during the operation of this application, Android)
ID/OAID、 Operating system and software version, device status, network condition, battery usage, device network environment information (IP address, Bluetooth information, device sensors), and use or integrate your membership information, log information, and information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or legally shared information to identify whether you are a real natural person user, whether you are logging in from an abnormal location, comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, perform identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law. When user behavior triggers risk control conditions (such as remote login, frequent account input errors, etc.), we will only collect your WIFI information (bssid, ssid) and base station information, and will not collect the above information from ordinary users.
（2） The situation where your personal information is collected and used to expand the functionality
1. Extended functions provided based on system permissions
If you do not agree to authorize the APP to obtain relevant operating system permissions, you may not be able to use the corresponding business functions, but it does not affect your use of other business functions.
We will also provide you with some extension functions based on the clipboard,
We have set strict clipboard filtering rules, only uploading clipboard information that meets the filtering criteria, and will not upload all clipboard content. You can also disable our authorization to access clipboard information on the settings page.
2. Expand member services
You can choose to complete your personal information, including your nickname, avatar, gender, age group, size, and birthday information, so that we can provide you with personalized display, membership birthday privileges, and size recommendations for extended membership services; You can bind your email on the "Account and Security" page to enhance the security level of your account. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functionality of your use of Vipshop products or services.
（3） The situation where we obtain your personal information from third parties
Avatar, nickname, phone number, email number, and authorization page prompt information
We promise that the amount of personal information we indirectly obtain from third parties is the minimum amount necessary to achieve the functionality of our products/services.
（4） Rules for the Use of Your Personal Information
one
We will use the collected personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy and to achieve the functionality of our products and/or services.
2. After collecting your personal information, we will use technical means to de identify your personal information.
3. Please note that all personal information you provide when using our products and/or services will continue to be authorized to us for use during your use of our products and/or services, unless you delete or refuse our collection through system settings.
4. We will conduct statistics on the usage of our products and/or services, and may share this statistical information with the public or third parties to demonstrate the overall usage trend of our products and/or services, but this statistical information does not include any of your identifying information.
5. When we display your personal information, we will use methods such as content replacement and anonymous processing to anonymize your information and protect its security.
6. Regarding the functions and scenarios not explicitly stated in this privacy policy, we will display the corresponding personal information collection and usage rules to you when you actually use the functions or scenarios, and obtain your explicit consent.
2、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
（1） Cookie
1. To ensure the normal operation of the website and provide you with a more relaxed visiting experience, we recommend content that may be of interest to you. We store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store data such as your preferences or the items in your shopping cart/bag.
2. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change your user settings every time you visit our website, which may also cause some features to malfunction. To learn how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you are using.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on our website. For example, the email we send you may contain an address link to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track that click to help us understand your product or service preferences and proactively improve our customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
（3） Third party SDKs and plugins
. For the plugins used in WeChat mini programs, you can access the service provider information by entering the mini program, clicking on the "..." symbol in the upper right corner - the mini program name in the lower left corner - "More Information".
3、 How do we share, entrust, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Sharing
1. We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual outside of Vipshop, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Sharing with separate consent: With your separate consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
(2) Sharing shall be carried out in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements.
Based on the need to fully provide you with our products and services, we may share your personal information with our affiliates or related products, but we will only share necessary personal information and be bound by the scope and purpose stated in this privacy policy. If our affiliated parties or products want to change the purpose and scope of personal information processing, they will seek your authorization and consent again.
Order number, order product name, product quantity, and product amount information
Promote historical and product collection information
Transaction order number and revenue amount
Mobile phone number and shipping address information
For the purposes stated in this privacy policy, some of our services will be provided jointly by us and authorized partners. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience.
Our partners have no right to use shared personal information for purposes unrelated to the product or service. For our sharing with partners, we will sign strict data processing agreements with them, requiring them to fulfill their information security obligations.
4. In order to comply with laws, enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Vipshop, you or other Vipshop users, such as to prevent illegal activities such as fraud and reduce credit risks, we exchange information with other companies and organizations. However, this does not include the sale, rental, sharing, or other disclosure of personal information for profit in violation of the commitments made in this privacy policy.
5. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. In the use of sensitive personal information, we require third parties to adopt data anonymization and encryption techniques to better protect users' personal information.
（2） Entrusted processing
Our partners have no right to use the personal information entrusted for processing for any other purpose. If they use your personal information for purposes that we have not entrusted, they will obtain your consent separately. For our entrusted processing partners, we will sign strict data processing agreements with them, requiring them to fulfill their information security obligations.
For example, we must entrust the logistics service provider to process your order information in order to arrange delivery (you can check the specific service provider information in real time through "My Orders" - "Order Details")
Alternatively, we may need to entrust your order number and amount to a third-party payment institution for processing, in order for them to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment
I
We will entrust these partners to process indirect portrait tags and de identified device information that cannot identify your personal identity, or anonymized device, network, and channel information, and entrust them to process de identified statistical analysis information to provide programmatic advertising services. These pieces of information are only intended to increase the coverage and effective reach of the promotion, and will not identify or associate with your true identity
We will also collaborate with third-party platforms or media to recommend personalized products or services based on your personal information. These personal information are derived from your behavioral data and indirect profiles during the use of our products and/or services, and we will not provide any information to the platform or media that can be used to identify your personal identity.
（3） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Transfer with separate consent: After obtaining your separate consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. Provide necessary information in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
3. Provided in accordance with relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
（4） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
1. We may publicly disclose your personal information with your separate consent or based on your voluntary choice;
2. In accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required type and disclosure method. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of the aforementioned information, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that the information requested from us should be kept as transparent as possible within the limits permitted by law. We have carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they have legal basis and are limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legitimate rights. Subject to legal regulations, all documents we disclose are protected by encryption keys.
4、 How do we protect and preserve your personal information
（1） Technologies and Measures for Personal Information Protection
1. Data security technical measures
We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect the security of the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. We will use encryption techniques (such as TLS, AES, etc.), anonymization techniques, and anonymization techniques to enhance the security of personal information; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; Deploy data security monitoring mechanisms to ensure the security of data throughout its lifecycle (data collection, storage, transmission, use, sharing, and destruction).
2. Other safety measures
We establish specialized management systems, processes, and organizations to ensure the security of personal information storage and use; We implement comprehensive security controls on data through confidentiality agreements for information contacts, monitoring and auditing mechanisms; We have established an Information Security Committee and set up a dedicated department for information protection and a data security emergency response organization to promote and safeguard personal information security.; We have established an information security training system and provided information security awareness training to all employees through various means to enhance their awareness of information security and privacy security, ensuring the security of members' personal information; The Vipshop website and payment system have both obtained the Level 3 security protection certification issued by the Ministry of Public Security. At the same time, Vipshop has also met the requirements of the international information security management system authoritative certification and obtained ISO certification
27001:2013 certification; We have also obtained the ISO/IEC 27701:2019 Privacy Information Management System certification.
3. We only allow employees and partners of Vipshop and its affiliates who need to know this information to access personal information, and have established strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. If these obligations are not fulfilled, legal responsibility may be pursued or the partnership with Vipshop may be suspended.
4. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that unrelated personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless an extension of the retention period is required or permitted by law. For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws.
5. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the way of communication with other users such as email, instant messaging, social software, etc. cannot be determined whether it is fully encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and pay attention to protecting your personal information security. When you conduct online transactions of goods or services with third parties on the Vipshop website, you inevitably have to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary.
6. Safety emergency response. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, and you can independently prevent and reduce it
Suggestions for risks, remedial measures for you, etc. We will also promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents to regulatory authorities in accordance with their requirements.
In response to security risks such as personal information leakage, damage, and loss, we have established a security emergency response mechanism and emergency response team to standardize the requirements and processes for handling security incidents at the institutional level. Implement classification and grading of security incidents, initiate targeted security emergency plans for different incidents, conduct incident detection, suppression, eradication, recovery, and develop remedial measures, and work together with relevant departments to trace and crack down on incidents.
7. If you have any questions about our personal information protection, you can contact us through the contact information provided at the bottom of this policy. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account and password, please contact us immediately through the contact information provided at the bottom of this policy under 'How to Contact Us', so that we can take appropriate measures.
（2） Preservation of Personal Information
1. Your personal information will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If you use cross-border transaction services and need to transfer your personal information overseas to complete the transaction, we will require the recipient to process this personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
Please note that once you successfully apply to cancel your Vipshop account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If we terminate the service or operation, we will notify you at least thirty days in advance and delete or anonymize your personal information after the termination of the service or operation.
4. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy policy, except for mandatory retention requirements by law, such as the Electronic Commerce Law which stipulates that the retention period for product and service information and transaction information shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction.
5、 How do you manage your personal information
You can access and manage your personal information through the following methods:
1. View and correct your personal information
You have the right to access and correct your personal information at any time, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. You can access and correct your personal information through the following methods:
(1) Account information: On the PC side, you can view all the personal information you have submitted to Vipshop (including basic information and size information) in the "My Account" menu on the "My Vipshop" page. You can also update other personal information except for real name authentication information through the above channels (your real name authentication information is the name and ID information you used during real name authentication); You can also enter the "Security Center" through the "Account Security Level" prompt on the "My Vipshop" homepage to set your login name, modify your bound phone number, verify email, set security questions, and view your identity authentication information.
On the mobile end, you can view your personal information in the "Personal Center - Upper Right Gear Icon - Privacy Settings - Personal Information Viewing and Exporting" interface. You can set your personal information (including avatar, nickname, shipping address, birthday, image, as well as size information related to height, weight, shoulder width, chest circumference, waist circumference, and hip circumference) through "Personal Center - Click on Vipshop Member Avatar" or "Personal Center - Upper Right Gear Icon - Vipshop Member"; You can also set your login name, modify your bound phone number, verify email, view your real name authentication information, and manage your associated account information through "Personal Center - Upper Right Gear Icon - Account and Security"; If you want to modify your birthday information, you may need to contact our customer service to make the changes.
You can choose to delete completed and cancelled orders to delete your order information. In this case, you will not be able to use our posting and review functions for the deleted orders, and it may also affect our judgment of your purchase information and make it difficult to provide corresponding after-sales service.
(3) On the mobile end, you can manage your collection, subscription, and browsing footprint information through "Product Collection", "Brand Subscription", and "My Footprint" in the "Personal Center".
(4) If you need to access or correct any other personal information generated during the use of our products and/or services, please feel free to contact us at any time. We will respond to your request in the manner and within the timeframe specified in this privacy policy.
(5) Personal information that cannot be accessed and corrected: In addition to the information listed above, we are unable to provide you with access and correction services for some of your personal information. This information is mainly collected from your device information to enhance your user experience and ensure transaction security, as well as personal information that is not voluntarily submitted by you when you use additional features. The above information will be used within your authorized scope, and you cannot access or correct it. However, you can contact us to delete or anonymize it.
2. Delete your personal information
You can manage or delete your purchases, favorites, subscriptions, browsing footprints, and order information in the shopping cart, personal center's "Product Collection", "Brand Subscription", "My Footprints", and "My Orders". You can delete or manage the search keyword information you previously entered below the search box.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
(1) If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(3) If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
When you delete information from our services, due to applicable laws and security technology limitations, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the system. We will securely store your personal information and restrict any further processing of it until it can be deleted or anonymized.
Change the scope of your authorization or revoke your authorization
You can change or revoke your authorization through the following methods:
(1) You can change your authorization to me by deleting information, turning off device functions, or through "Personal Center Settings Privacy Settings System Permission Settings" on the Vipshop website or software
We will continue to collect personal information or revoke your authorization.
（2）
Depending on the specific service you are using, you can send an email to privacy@vipshop.com Make relevant requests and operations. We will process your request within a reasonable time after you make it, and based on your request, we will no longer collect, use, and/or disclose your personal information thereafter.
(3) You can also revoke all authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account.
Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
4. Personal Information Subject Account Cancellation
You can apply to cancel your account directly through "Customer Service - Service Center - Cancel Account" on the PC, or through the "Personal Center - Upper Right Gear Icon - Account and Security - Cancel Account" on the mobile app. Regarding the method of canceling your account and the conditions you should meet, please refer to
Vipshop Account Cancellation Notice
After you cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products and/or services. Unless otherwise required by laws and regulations, we will delete your personal information.
5. If you do not want to accept the promotional information we send you, you can cancel it at any time through the following methods:
(1) You can unsubscribe from promotional emails through the email subscription menu on the PC account settings page.
(2) You can reply with "TD" at any time to cancel the mobile promotion message we sent you.
(3) You can set whether to accept the products and promotional information we push to you through "notifications" through the mobile app "Personal Center - Upper Right Gear Icon - Receive Notifications".
(4) In order to protect your privacy, we will not push any promotions or product information related to sensitive content such as religious beliefs, sex, diseases, etc. to you in any way or through any means.
6. Personal information subject obtains a copy of personal information.
If you need to obtain a copy of the other personal information we collect from you, we will provide it to you in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, as long as it is technically and cost feasible. To ensure the security of your information, when you make a request to us, you should provide us with necessary basic information for preliminary verification of your true identity and to verify the identity between the requester and the registered user.
7. In response to your above request
If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information through the above methods, or if you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when using our products and/or services, or if you believe that Vipshop will violate any laws and regulations or agreements with you regarding the collection or use of personal information, you can contact us through the methods below this agreement. To ensure safety, we may require you to provide a written request or other proof of your identity. We will respond to your request within 15 days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
6、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
1. We assume that you have the corresponding capacity for civil conduct in e-commerce activities. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the consent of your guardian before using our products and/or services.
2. If there is evidence that minors have registered to use our products and/or services without the consent of their guardians, we will consult with the relevant guardians and try to delete the relevant personal information as soon as possible.
Understand more specific content and ensure that you obtain the consent of your guardian to the "Vipshop Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" before using our services under the guidance of your guardian, ensuring your safety when using our services and conducting transactions.
7、 How can your personal information be transferred globally
In principle, the personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China, except in the following circumstances:
1. The applicable laws have clear provisions;
2. Obtain your separate consent;
3. You conduct cross-border transactions and other personal initiatives through the Internet.
In response to the above situation, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this privacy policy.
8、 Notification and Revision
1. To provide you with better service and with the development of Vipshop's business, this privacy policy will also be updated accordingly. But without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. We will send updated versions on the Vipshop website and Vipshop mobile devices, and notify you of the updates through website announcements or other appropriate means before they take effect. Please also visit Vipshop to stay up-to-date with the latest privacy policy.
2. For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including but not limited to emails, text messages, or special prompts on browsing pages to explain the specific changes to the privacy policy).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
(1) Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
(2) We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
(3) The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
(4) There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
(5) We are responsible for handling personal letters
When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for information security change;
(6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
3. We will also archive old versions of this strategy for your reference.
In order for you to receive notifications in a timely manner, we suggest that you notify us promptly when your contact information is updated. If you continue to use our services after this policy update takes effect, it means that you have fully read, understood, and accepted the updated policy and are willing to be bound by it. We encourage you to review this policy every time you use our services. You can view this policy through "My Settings Privacy Policy" in our products and services
9、 How to contact us
1. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy or your personal information, please contact Vipshop Customer Service Department for preliminary consultation. Customer Service Department phone number: 400-6789-888. If you need to obtain a specific copy of your personal information, you can send an email to our dedicated personal information protection email address privacy@vipshop.com The way to contact us.
2. The operator of Vipshop platform is Guangzhou Vipshop E-commerce Co., Ltd., with a registered address at Building 6, No. 20 Huahai Street, Fangcun, Liwan District, Guangzhou, and a commonly used office address at No. 128 Dingxin Road, Haizhu District, Guangzhou.
Seeking a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court having jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile.
Click to search for the old version of Vipshop Basic Function Privacy Policy
