Tmall Basic Function Privacy Policy
Published on: April 18, 2023
introduction
Welcome to use our products and services! We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to us. We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and take corresponding security protection measures, committed to protecting the security and controllability of your personal information. Based on this, Tmall service providers (or abbreviated as Tmall)“
”）Develop this "Tmall Basic Function Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"/"this privacy policy") to help you fully understand how we collect, use, share, store, and protect your personal information during your use of our products and services, as well as how you can manage your personal information to better make appropriate choices.
When you start using our product
Before providing services, please be sure to carefully read and understand this policy, especially focusing on our
Ensure that you fully understand and agree to the terms of the logo before starting to use it.
We will try our best to explain the professional vocabulary involved in this policy in concise and popular terms for your understanding.
Our product's basic function is online shopping, including providing you with membership and account management, browsing, searching, personalized recommendations, transaction services, customer service and dispute resolution, information disclosure, interactive communication, security protection, etc; The extended functions mainly include: Cat Enjoyment Garden function and Digital Space function. According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, the necessary information for online shopping functions is the payment information such as the registered user's phone number, the consignee's name (name), address, contact number, payment time, payment amount, payment channel, etc,
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 Scope of application
2、 Information Collection and Use
3、 Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
4、 Your rights
5、 Storage of Information
6、 Policy updates
7、 Protection of Minors
8、 Contact Us
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
1、 Scope of application
This policy applies to all products and services provided by Tmall service providers to you through websites, clients, mini programs, and new forms that emerge with technological development.
2、 Information Collection and Use
To achieve the basic functions of providing our products and services to you, and to fulfill the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations, you must authorize us to collect and use necessary information.
We would like to remind you that:
Due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, the basic/extended functions and corresponding types and scope of personal information collected and used may vary depending on your choice. If your separate consent is required by law, we will inform you separately of the purpose, method, and scope of collecting and using personal information, and obtain your consent.
The following functions are the basic features we provide for you to shop online through our products:
（1） Help you become our member and manage your account
1. Basic Membership Services
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
We provide services based on your Taobao platform account. In order to create a Taobao platform account, you need to provide us with at least your mobile phone number for registration, and we will verify your identity through this phone number. This information is necessary for this feature. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to register a Taobao platform account, but you can still use Tmall's browsing and search services. In addition, you can also independently set your account password according to your own needs. This type of information is non essential information for this function. If you refuse to provide this type of information, it will reduce the security protection ability of your account, but it will not affect the use of the registration function.
You can choose to fill in your nickname and avatar, and the nickname and avatar you set will be displayed publicly. This type of information is non essential and you can choose whether to provide it or not. If you do not provide the above information, the system will automatically generate a default nickname and avatar for you.
If you already have a Taobao platform account, we will display your personal information mentioned above in our Tmall services, as well as the actions you perform on Tmall or in products and services associated with your Taobao platform account (you can use our and/or affiliated companies' products or services through the link entrance or other product/service entrance provided by our website or client through your Taobao platform account), including displaying your personal information, promotional benefits, and transaction orders through your Taobao platform account. We will respect your choices regarding Tmall services and Taobao platform account settings.
If you apply for registration as a seller, service provider or other member role with additional identity authentication requirements, you need to actively provide us with identity information and/or enterprise related information, or authorize us to obtain the above related authentication information of your corresponding Alipay account from Alipay, for the purpose of verification, registration, publicity of your identity and other member role acquisition qualifications, as well as other purposes we explicitly inform. This information is necessary for this feature. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to authenticate your identity and you will not be able to register as a seller, service provider, or other member role with additional identity authentication requirements.
2. Identity verification
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
To meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements, ensure the authenticity of user identity, implement anti fraud risk control, and ensure system and service security, we need to collect your relevant information for identity verification when you use specific services/functions.
Based on the implementation of special types of goods (such as purchasing cross-border goods, identity information authentication and customs clearance according to relevant national cross-border e-commerce laws, regulations and policies) or service transactions, application for membership roles with additional identity authentication requirements (such as sellers, content creators), and other scenarios that require verification of users' true identities in accordance with the law (including protecting the rights and interests of minors, cracking down on telecommunications fraud, withholding and paying personal income tax, and identifying relevant parties in administrative law enforcement or judicial litigation), you need to undergo identity authentication. In order to achieve the purpose of authentication, you need to actively provide relevant real identity information (including: name, ID card information, including ID card number and photocopy of ID card), and authorize us to verify the information through the national authoritative and trusted identity authentication agency, or authorize us to obtain your above identity from Taobao account
Information or the necessary authentication information for your Alipay account binding obtained from Alipay, we will record and save the authentication information and authentication results according to law. This information is only for the purpose of completing authentication, or for the purpose specified by other laws and regulations, and will not be used for other purposes without your express authorization. This type of information is necessary personal information. If you do not provide this type of information, we will not be able to provide you with relevant transaction services.
（2） Help you use browsing, searching, and personalized recommendation functions
1. Browse
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you browse Tmall, you can choose to bookmark/subscribe/add/follow/share/like the products, stores, channels, live rooms, and content (graphics, short videos) that interest you. We will collect your operation records to show you the "Footprint" service; And based on your "footprint", we predict your preferences and provide you with products that better match your personal preferences. You can view and manage your operation record information through "Mobile Tmall Homepage - Me - Footprints - Edit", "Tmall Homepage - My Taobao - Footprints - Edit", and "Search Box - Historical Search".
The above information is non essential. You can choose whether to provide it or not and edit it through "Tmall Client - Me - Footprints" or "My Footprints" on the Tmall homepage to delete your browsing history. If you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your use of basic business functions.
2. Search
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you use the search function (including Pailixiang, text search, voice search), we will collect your search history, including search content (search terms, images, voice information), browsing history/time, and search time/frequency. At the same time, we will apply for microphone or camera permissions based on the necessary features you are using. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored on your local device and display your search history.
3. Personalized recommendations
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
To showcase and recommend more relevant products, services, and/or content to you, and provide a personalized experience that better meets your needs, we will use the collected browsing and search records for personalized recommendation services. At the same time, we will also provide you with information display and search results that are not specific to your personal characteristics.
You can manage personalized recommendation services through the following channels:
1) If you need to view rankings that are not based on your personal characteristics when using our on-site search service, you can set them by clicking on "Price" and "Sales" on the search results page.
2) If you do not want to see the products or services we recommend to you on the homepage or on the payment completion page, you can long press the image of the recommended product or service and choose to block similar products or services in the category that they belong to in the pop-up window that appears.
3) If you want to manage the personalized ads we send to you, you can set them up in "Mobile Tmall Home - Me - Settings - Privacy - Ad Management". (Click to manage personalized ads)
4) If you want to manage the personalized content we push to you, you can set it in "Mobile Tmall Home - Me - Settings - Privacy - Personalized Content Recommendation".
（3） Assist you in completing the transaction
1. Shopping cart
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you use the shopping cart function, we will collect your additional purchase information to display the items in your shopping cart and optimize your shopping experience (such as providing price/discount reminders, displaying frequently purchased items). This type of information is necessary personal information. If you do not provide this type of information, we will not be able to display the items in your shopping cart or provide you with shopping cart services.
2. Ordering and Order Management
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you order specific goods and/or services in our products and/or services, we will generate an order for you to purchase the goods and/or services through the system. During the ordering process, you need to provide at least the recipient's name, shipping address, and contact phone number. You can order goods and/or services for others through our products. You need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual recipient and ensure that their consent has been obtained. When it comes to cross-border transactions, you need to provide your name and identification information to complete customs clearance. At the same time, when you purchase cross-border goods, we will check your annual personal limit for cross-border e-commerce based on the identity information you provide, in order to minimize the losses caused to cross-border commodity operators and/or you due to exceeding the annual transaction limit for cross-border e-commerce retail imported goods when you purchase cross-border goods. This type of information is necessary for us to provide you with online shopping services. If you do not provide it, we will not be able to provide you with customs clearance/shipping services. If you refuse to provide, it will result in your inability to place an order or obtain the product smoothly.
At the same time, the order will include information about the goods and/or services you purchased, the specific order number, the time the order was created, the amount you should pay, and your remarks. This type of information is necessary for us to provide you with online shopping services. We collect this information to help you complete transactions smoothly, ensure your transaction security, facilitate your order information inquiry, provide customer service and after-sales service, and other purposes that we have explicitly stated. If you do not provide it, we will not be able to provide you with transaction, order management, and after-sales service. You can view and manage your order information through "Mobile Tmall Homepage - Me - My Orders".
If you need to issue an invoice, you also need to provide the invoice header, taxpayer identification number, and email address for receiving the invoice. In this case, such information is necessary.
3. Payment and delivery of goods or services
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you purchase goods or services, in order to assist you in completing or representing others in completing order payments and smoothly receiving the purchased goods or services, we or third parties providing services will collect your order information and delivery information. For specific content, please refer to "III. Partners involved in data use and transfer/disclosure of personal information - (1) Partners involved in data use -5. Cooperation scenarios -1) Implementation of business functions - A. Payment services/B. Materials
Streaming services.
You can view the Alipay account information bound to your Taobao platform account or apply for changing the bound Alipay account through "Tmall Mobile Home - Me - Settings - Payment Settings".
（4） Customer service and dispute resolution
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you contact us or apply for in sales, after-sales, or dispute resolution, in order to ensure the security of your account and system, we require you to provide necessary personal information to verify your membership status. For the convenience of contacting you, helping you solve problems as soon as possible, or recording the solutions and results of related issues, we will save your communication, communication/call records and related content with us (including account information, order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you leave). If you make inquiries, complaints, or provide suggestions regarding specific orders, we will use your account information and order information. This type of information is necessary for providing after-sales service. If you do not provide it, we will not be able to verify your identity and obtain order related information to provide you with services.
We will use deep learning technology to provide you with intelligent Q&A conversations, intelligent voice customer service, and perform de identification processing on your communication, communication/call records, and related content with us. If we cannot identify your identity, we will use it for training intelligent customer service algorithm models. During the period when you receive intelligent customer service, we will provide you with significant reminders. We will continuously improve the service quality of our intelligent customer service based on your usage records.
（5） We provide you with the function of publicly publishing information
1. Evaluation and Comment
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you leave a review of the traded goods and/or services, we will collect and display your review content (including the text, images, videos, and other review content you post), avatar. The reviews will be displayed on the store's "reviews" list, product detail page, product search page, product ranking list, some likes, and product related public pages. If you choose anonymous evaluation, your avatar and nickname will not be displayed to the public, and the evaluation content will not be displayed on the public page. When you comment on reviews and content posted by other users, your profile picture, nickname, and comment content will be publicly displayed.
The above information is non essential and you can choose whether to provide it or not. If you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your use of basic business functions.
2. Personal homepage
Your personal homepage displays your profile picture, nickname, "My Likes", "My List" and related interactive information. Other users can scan the QR code you provide to view your favorite products, or click on your profile picture in the "Slightly Likes" channel or other public pages to enter your personal homepage. You can click on the "Mobile Tmall Homepage" - "Me" avatar in the upper left corner to enter the "Personal Homepage" to view and manage personal information, "My Likes" and "My List", save your personal homepage QR code, and set personal homepage privacy settings.
Please note that your use of the information publishing function may involve personal information or even sensitive personal information of yourself or others. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of others, you need to obtain their consent before publishing.
The above information is non essential and you can choose whether to provide it or not. If you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your use of basic business functions.
（6） Interactive communication
1. Message notification
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
We will send you one or more types of notifications simultaneously through the contact information you provide during the use of our products and/or services, such as contact phone numbers and email addresses.
When we send you service notifications, identity verification, and security verification through the contact information you provide, this information is necessary. If you do not provide it, it may result in us not being able to inform you of your transaction status in a timely manner, unable to perform identity authentication, and security authentication may prevent you from enjoying the basic services we provide for you.
When we send you user experience surveys through the contact information you provide, and display commercial information about services, features, or activities that interest you, as well as other product or service information, through SMS or phone calls, the above information is not necessary. You can choose whether to receive our commercial information and other product or service information. If you do not want to, you can unsubscribe or turn it off through the unsubscribe methods provided in SMS or email, or directly contact our customer service, or turn it off through "Me Settings Message Reminder Settings Marketing SMS Switch". If you wish to turn off pop-up push messages, you can also [turn off] through the "Skip" button or related buttons on the pop-up page, which will not affect you. Use basic business functions.
In order to ensure that you can receive push content normally and avoid message omissions, we have used the functions of app self launch and associated launch of other apps. We will push platform notifications (such as transaction logistics, activity discounts, interactive messages, service notifications, etc.) to you through the client "Messages". You can choose to turn on/off the notification permissions of the Tmall client in your device "Settings", or set up message notifications through "Mobile Tmall Home" - "Me" - "Settings" - "Message Reminder Notifications".
In addition, when you initiate customer service inquiries or engage in transactions or interactions with the store (such as subscribing or joining the store as a member), you will receive a customer service message from the store in the "Messages" section. You can enter the chat page of the corresponding store to set up a "Do Not Disturb" feature.
2. Activity participation
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you participate in our marketing activities, we need to collect and use your relevant personal information (including your nickname, avatar, contact information, shipping information, order information, account level) depending on the form of the activity. During your interactive process, in order to assist you with activity registration, lottery, and prize redemption, we will apply for sensor access based on the necessary functions you use. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
If the relevant activities are jointly organized by us and affiliated companies or third parties, we will share necessary information with such affiliated companies or third parties after obtaining your consent
Interest, or bind your Taobao account with affiliated companies or third-party platform accounts, and/or synchronize your participation account, participation progress, and other information between multiple participating platforms to ensure that you receive consistent and complete services during the event.
The above information is non essential and you can choose whether to provide it or not. If you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your use of basic business functions.
3. Product/Event Sharing
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
When you share or receive shared information, participate in specific activities, or wake up the client again, we will read the contents of your clipboard to determine if there are relevant passwords, sharing codes, links, in order to implement jump, sharing, and activity linkage functions or services. We will only upload the clipboard content to our server when we recognize that it meets the rules of "Mobile Tmall Product Sharing" and "Mobile Tmall Activity Linkage Instructions".
If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
4. Live room interaction
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
We provide services based on your Taobao platform account. In order to create a Taobao platform account, you need to provide us with at least your
We will use this phone number to verify if your identity is valid.
In addition, you can also set your own preferences according to your own needs
You can choose to fill in your nickname or profile picture
If you already have a Taobao platform account, we will display your personal information mentioned above in our Tmall services, as well as the actions you perform on Tmall or in products and services associated with your Taobao platform account (you can use our and/or affiliated companies' products or services through the link entrance or other product/service entrance provided by our website or client through your Taobao platform account), including displaying your personal information, promotional benefits, and transaction orders through your Taobao platform account. We will respect your choices regarding Tmall services and Taobao platform account settings.
If you apply for registration as a seller, service provider or other member role with additional identity authentication requirements, you need to actively provide us with identity information and/or enterprise related information, or authorize us to obtain the above related authentication information of your corresponding Alipay account from Alipay, for the purpose of verification, registration, publicity of your identity and other member role acquisition qualifications, as well as other purposes we explicitly inform.
2. Identity verification
Scope of necessary and non necessary information:
To meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements, ensure the authenticity of user identity, implement anti fraud risk control, and ensure system and service security, we need to collect your relevant information for identity verification when you use specific services/functions.
Based on the implementation of special types of goods (such as purchasing cross-border goods, identity information authentication and customs clearance according to relevant national cross-border e-commerce laws, regulations and policies) or service transactions, application for membership roles with additional identity authentication requirements (such as sellers, content creators), and other scenarios that require verification of users' true identities in accordance with the law (including protecting the rights and interests of minors, cracking down on telecommunications fraud, withholding and paying personal income tax, and identifying relevant parties in administrative law enforcement or judicial litigation), you need to undergo identity authentication. To achieve authentication purposes,
We will record and store certification information and certification results in accordance with the law. This information is only for the purpose of completing the certification or for other purposes specified by laws and regulations. It will not be used for any other purposes without your explicit authorization.
When you browse Tmall, you can choose to bookmark/subscribe/add/follow/share/like the products, stores, channels, live rooms, and content (graphics, short videos) that interest you. We will collect your operation records to show you the "Footprint" service; And based on your "footprint", we predict your preferences and provide you with products that better match your personal preferences. You can view and manage your operation record information through "Mobile Tmall Homepage - Me - Footprints - Edit", "Tmall Homepage - My Taobao - Footprints - Edit", and "Search Box - Historical Search".
The above information is non essential. You can choose whether to provide it or not and edit it through "Tmall Client - Me - Footprints" or "My Footprints" on the Tmall homepage to delete your browsing history. If you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your use of basic business functions.
When you use the search function (including Pailixiang, text search, voice search), we will collect your search history, including search content (search terms, images, voice information), browsing history/time, and search time/frequency. At the same time, we will apply for microphone or camera permissions based on the necessary features you are using.
In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored on your local device and display your search history.
Personalized recommendations
To showcase and recommend more relevant products, services, and/or content to you, and provide a personalized experience that better meets your needs, we will use the collected browsing and search records for personalized recommendation services. At the same time, we will also provide you with information display and search results that are not specific to your personal characteristics.
You can manage personalized recommendation services through the following channels:
When you use the shopping cart function, we will collect your additional purchase information to display the items in your shopping cart and optimize your shopping experience (such as providing price/discount reminders, displaying frequently purchased items).
When you order specific goods and/or services in our products and/or services, we will generate an order for you to purchase the goods and/or services through the system. During the ordering process, you need to provide at least the recipient's name, shipping address, and contact phone number. You can order goods and/or services for others through our products. You need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual recipient and ensure that their consent has been obtained.
At the same time, when you purchase cross-border goods, we will check your annual personal credit limit for cross-border e-commerce based on the identity information you provide, in order to minimize the losses caused to cross-border commodity operators and/or you due to exceeding the annual transaction limit for cross-border e-commerce retail imported goods when you purchase cross-border goods
At the same time, the order will include information about the goods and/or services you have purchased, the specific order number, and the order details
Creation time, amount you should pay, and your note information. This type of information is necessary for us to provide you with online shopping services. We collect this information to help you complete transactions smoothly, ensure your transaction security, facilitate your order information inquiry, provide customer service and after-sales service, and other purposes that we have explicitly stated. If you do not provide it, we will not be able to provide you with transaction, order management, and after-sales service. You can view and manage your order information through "Mobile Tmall Homepage - Me - My Orders".
If you need to issue an invoice, you also need to provide the invoice header, taxpayer identification number, and email address for receiving the invoice,
Payment and delivery of goods or services
When you purchase goods or services, in order to assist you in completing or representing others in completing order payments and smoothly receiving the purchased goods or services, we or third parties providing services will collect your order information and delivery information. For specific content, please refer to "III. Partners involved in data use and transfer/disclosure of personal information - (1) Partners involved in data use -5. Cooperation scenarios -1) Implementation of business functions - A. Payment services/B. Logistics services" in this policy.
You can view the Alipay account information bound to your Taobao platform account or apply for changing the bound Alipay account through "Tmall Mobile Home - Me - Settings - Payment Settings".
When you contact us or apply for in sales, after-sales, or dispute resolution, in order to ensure the security of your account and system,
We will use deep learning technology to provide you with intelligent Q&A conversations, intelligent voice customer service, and perform de identification processing on your communication, communication/call records, and related content with us. If we cannot identify your identity, we will use it for training intelligent customer service algorithm models. During the period when you receive intelligent customer service, we will provide you with significant reminders. We will continuously improve the service quality of our intelligent customer service based on your usage records.
1. Evaluation and Comment
When you leave a review of the traded goods and/or services, we will collect and display your review content (including the text, images, videos, and other review content you post), avatar. The reviews will be displayed on the store's "reviews" list, product detail page, product search page, product ranking list, some likes, and product related public pages. If you choose anonymous evaluation, your avatar and nickname will not be displayed to the public, and the evaluation content will not be displayed on the public page. When you comment on reviews and content posted by other users, your profile picture, nickname, and comment content will be publicly displayed.
Your personal homepage displays your profile picture, nickname, "My Likes", "My List" and related interactive information. Other users can scan the QR code you provide to view your favorite products, or click on your profile picture in the "Slightly Likes" channel or other public pages to enter your personal homepage. You can click on the "Mobile Tmall Homepage" - "Me" avatar in the upper left corner to enter the "Personal Homepage" to view and manage personal information, "My Likes" and "My List", save your personal homepage QR code, and set personal homepage privacy settings.
Please note that your use of the information publishing function may involve personal information or even sensitive personal information of yourself or others. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of others, you need to obtain their consent before publishing.
The above information is non essential and you can choose whether to provide it or not. If you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your use of basic business functions.
1. Message notification
We will send you one or more types of notifications simultaneously through the contact information you provide during the use of our products and/or services, such as contact phone numbers and email addresses.
When we send you service notifications, identity verification, and security verification through the contact information you provide,
When we send you user experience surveys through the contact information you provide, and display commercial information and other product or service information about services, features, or activities that interest you through SMS or phone calls,
In order to ensure that you can receive push content normally and avoid message omissions, we have used the functions of app self launch and associated launch of other apps. We will push platform notifications (such as transaction logistics, activity discounts, interactive messages, service notifications, etc.) to you through the client "Messages". You can choose to turn on/off the notification permissions of the Tmall client in your device "Settings", or set up message notifications through "Mobile Tmall Home" - "Me" - "Settings" - "Message Reminder Notifications".
In addition, when you initiate customer service inquiries or engage in transactions or interactions with the store (such as subscribing or joining the store as a member), you will receive a customer service message from the store in the "Messages" section. You can enter the chat page of the corresponding store to set up a "Do Not Disturb" feature.
2. Activity participation
When you participate in our marketing activities, we need to collect and use your relevant personal information (including your nickname, avatar, contact information, shipping information, order information, account level) depending on the form of the activity. During your interactive process, in order to assist you with activity registration, lottery, and prize redemption, we will apply for sensor access based on the necessary functions you use.
If the relevant activities are jointly organized by us and affiliated companies or third parties, we will share necessary information with the affiliated companies or third parties after obtaining your consent, or bind your Taobao account with the affiliated companies or third-party platform accounts, and/or synchronize your participation account, participation progress and other information among multiple participating platforms to ensure that you receive consistent and complete services during the activities.
3. Product/Event Sharing
When you share or receive shared information, participate in specific activities, or wake up the client again, we will read the contents of your clipboard to determine if there are relevant passwords, sharing codes, links, in order to implement jump, sharing, and activity linkage functions or services. We will only upload the clipboard content to our server when we recognize that it meets the rules of "Mobile Tmall Product Sharing" and "Mobile Tmall Activity Linkage Instructions".
If you do not agree to enable the relevant
Permission will not affect your use of our basic functions.
4. Live room interaction
When you watch the live broadcast, your nickname and interactive information in the live broadcast room (including comments, likes, tips, gifts, and fan ratings) will be publicly displayed in the live broadcast room. At the same time, we will collect your interaction situation to form statistical data in the live broadcast room (including rankings, popularity) and display it publicly.
（7） To provide you with security protection
In order to fulfill our legal obligations to ensure the security of e-commerce transactions, improve the security of your use of our and our affiliated companies and partners' services, protect your or other users' or the public's personal safety, property safety, account safety, transaction safety, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions, malicious programs and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or Tmall's relevant agreements and rules, we will collect your OAID IDFA, Android ID, application crash information, device type, device model, operating system, network information, service log information, and use or integrate your membership information and transaction information to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
（8） Experience optimization services provided for you
1. Experience optimization service based on system permissions
In order to provide you with more convenient, high-quality, and personalized products and/or services, and strive to enhance your experience, we will collect and use your personal information by enabling system permissions in the following services we provide to you.
But you cannot obtain the user experience that these additional services bring to you.
You can decide whether to grant or grant these permissions at any time.
Please note that by granting permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information in the corresponding scenarios to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close the permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor can we continue to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. Your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
You can click here to view the application permission application and usage instructions.
2. Cookies and similar technology services
Cookies and similar identification technologies are widely used in the Internet. When you use our services, we use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") to your device to collect, identify, and store information about your access to and use of this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies mainly to ensure the security and efficient operation of our products and services. They allow us to confirm the security status of your account and transactions, investigate related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays, and help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling out forms and entering search content.
At the same time, we will use cookies to display information or features that interest you and optimize your advertising choices. Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You can perform corresponding data clearing operations, or modify the acceptance level of cookies or refuse our cookies. You will be unable to use services or corresponding functions that rely on cookies due to these modifications.
Other rules for collecting and using personal information
If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing us with this personal information.
If we use the information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or use the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your consent in advance.
Under the premise of strict de identification through secure encryption technology and inability to re identify specific individuals, we will use the collected data for machine learning, algorithm model training, or other data analysis and mining processing to better ensure our product experience and assist in business decision analysis. You can click here to view our algorithm principles and data processing instructions.
3、 Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
（1） Partners involved in the use of data
1. Basic principles
When we cooperate with our partners, we will adhere to the following principles:
Data processing should have a legal basis, a legitimate purpose, and be limited to the minimum scope of achieving the processing purpose.
Fully respect the user's right to know and make decisions regarding the processing of their personal information during the data processing process.
We will take necessary measures to ensure the security of the personal information processed, carefully evaluate the purposes for which our partners use the data, conduct a comprehensive assessment of their security capabilities, and require them to comply with the relevant requirements of the cooperation agreement.
You can click here to view our data partner information.
2. Scope of cooperation partners
If the specific functions and scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates or third parties, the scope of cooperation includes our affiliates and third parties.
3. Entrusted processing
We entrust our authorized partner to process your personal information in order to authorize the partner to provide certain services or perform functions on our behalf for you. We will only entrust them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this policy statement. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties, and we will require them through an agreement not to use this information for any other purposes beyond the scope of the delegation. If the authorized partner uses your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
4. Joint processing
For the scenario of jointly processing personal information, we will sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal provisions and agree on their respective rights and obligations, ensuring compliance with legal provisions and protection of data security in the process of using relevant personal information.
5. Collaboration Scenario
1) To achieve business functions
A. Payment Services
To complete the order payment, you need to bind our partner [Alipay Company]'s
[Alipay Account] and select the payment method. We will use your [Taobao Platform Account], the corresponding [Alipay Account], order payment related information, order security related information (OAID, IDFA, Android ID, device type, device model, operating system, network information) and other necessary information required by anti money laundering laws through the [Alipay] software tool development package embedded in the website or client (software tool development package is referred to as "SDK" in this policy) and other security methods by [Alipay Company]. If you choose to have other financial institutions provide payment services for you, your bank card number, expiration date, and other necessary information for bank card payments will be used by the corresponding financial institution you choose.
You can request others to pay for you, then you need to provide the [Alipay account number] and/or mobile phone number of the payer.
In order to let us know and confirm your payment progress and status in a timely manner, and provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, you agree that we can collect information related to the payment progress from the trading partner you choose, [Alipay Company] or other financial institutions you choose.
B. Logistics services
To ensure the smooth, safe, and accurate delivery and provision of the goods and/or services you purchase, we will disclose the delivery information related to the order to our partner, Zhejiang Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd., who provides logistics information systems and technical services for the Tmall platform. They will synchronize the relevant delivery information with the corresponding logistics delivery entity based on the selection of the goods and/or services provider. You understand and agree that the corresponding logistics delivery entity inevitably obtains and uses your delivery information for the purpose of completing the delivery.
For the purpose of providing you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we need to be informed and confirm the delivery progress and status in a timely manner. You agree that we may collect information related to the delivery progress from logistics related service providers.
C. Channel (Mini Program) Service
When you use the channel (mini program) service, we collect and use your channel login, browsing, usage, subscription/add/cancel operation records to provide you with more convenient, high-quality, and personalized channel services and content. To facilitate your use of the products and/or services provided by our partners on the Tmall platform, our partners (usually channel developers) will use your personal information.
2) Advertising and Analytics Services
We will entrust our partners to handle information related to advertising placement, coverage, and effectiveness, while adopting industry standard security technologies. We will not entrust your personal identification information to our partners for processing.
We attach great importance to the security of our products and/or services. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of Tmall users from illegal infringement, we will use necessary OAID, IDFA, Android ID, device type, device model, operating system, network information, account and log information.
To analyze the stability of Tmall products and/or services, we need to use information on service status, OAID, IDFA, Android ID, and overall application installation and usage.
You can click here to view our data partner information.
3) Security and Statistical Analysis
A. Ensuring Security of Use: We attach great importance to the security of our products and/or services. To protect the legitimate rights and interests of Tmall users from illegal infringement, we will use necessary OAID, IDFA, Android ID, device type, device model, operating system, network information, account and log information.
B. Analyzing product situation: To analyze the stability of Tmall products and/or services, we need to use information on service situation, OAID, IDFA, Android ID, and overall application installation and usage.
4) Other cooperation scenarios
In addition to the above-mentioned cooperation scenarios, we will entrust information to other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing the usage of our services, providing merchant membership services, or other customer services on our behalf.
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our client, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and features, our application will embed SDK or other similar applications from authorized partners. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and SDKs used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with authorized partners on strict data protection measures to process personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Except for authorized partners who obtain your consent separately.
You can click here to view the details of the SDK we have integrated.
（2） Transfer
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. The recipient will continue to fulfill this policy and other legal obligations. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will obtain your consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. Based on your voluntary choice and other separate consent, we will publicly disclose your personal information;
Including relevant violations and measures taken by Tmall against you.
（4） Stop operation
If we cease to operate our products and/or services, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information. We will notify you one by one or send you a notice in the form of an announcement to stop operating, and delete the personal information we hold related to the discontinued products and/or services.
（5） Exemption from obtaining your authorization and consent in accordance with the law
Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and national standards, the use of your personal information by our partners, or our transfer or disclosure, does not require your authorization and consent:
1. Necessary for entering into or fulfilling a contract according to your requirements: When you purchase goods or services through the Tmall platform, we will share the necessary information related to the transaction in your order information with the providers of the relevant goods or services or the operators of the relevant service market on the Tmall platform based on your choice, in order to meet your transaction, delivery, and after-sales service needs.
2. For
Necessary for fulfilling legal duties or obligations: We will share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation, dispute resolution, or as required by administrative and judicial authorities, as well as other legal obligations.
3. It is necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations.
4. To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to handle personal information within a reasonable range.
5. Process your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legally disclosed personal information through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels).
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
4、 Your rights
You can access and manage your information through the following methods:,
（1） Review, Correction, and Supplement
You have the right to access, correct, supplement, and copy your information through the following methods:
1. Log in to the Tmall website, go to the "My Taobao" homepage, click on the avatar or nickname to edit information;
2. Log in to the Tmall client and go to "Me Settings Personal Information";
3. Log in to the Tmall website and select "Contact Customer Service", or log in to the Tmall client and select "Me - My Tools - View All - Customer Service Honey" or "Me - Member Center - Exclusive Butler (88VIP)".
（2） Copy
You can copy your information in the following ways:
1. Log in to the Tmall client and go to "Me Settings Privacy Personal Information Download";
2. You can copy your personal information by searching through the path listed in "(1) View, Correction, and Supplement".
（3） Delete
You can delete some of your information or apply for account cancellation to delete all of your information through the path listed in "(1) View, Correct, and Supplement".
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information from our customer service:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent;
3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
4. If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
5. If we cease to provide products or services, or if the retention period has expired.
If you request the deletion of personal information from us, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us and require them to delete it in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these subjects have independently obtained your authorization).
（4） Change the scope of authorization
You can change or revoke the scope of your authorization for us to collect and process your personal information through the following methods:
Manage the system permission authorization used by the app in "Tmall Homepage - Me - Settings - Privacy - System Permission Management". For authorizations that cannot be set directly through the above methods, you can modify them through customer service Xiaomi,
. After you withdraw your authorization, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization.
（5） Cancel account
You can apply to cancel your account through the following methods:
1. Submit an account cancellation application in "Mobile Tmall Homepage - Me - Settings - Account Security - Cancel Account";
2. Contact customer service to apply for and assist in canceling your account.
After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products or services and delete your personal information as required by applicable laws.
（6） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In some business functions, we only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms, including algorithms. If these decisions affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through customer service.
（7） In response to your above request
For you or your guardian, close relatives, and other authorized parties who make the above requests to us, as well as your relevant personal information rights under the laws of the People's Republic of China and other applicable laws, you can contact us through customer service or directly file a complaint with our personal information protection department. We will provide a response within 15 days.
To ensure the security of your account and personal information, when you make the above request to us, we will first verify your identity (such as adding account verification, requesting you to provide a written request, or other reasonable means), and then process your request.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain fee at our discretion. We will refuse requests for information that is not directly related to your identity, information that is repeatedly applied for without reasonable reasons, or requests that require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are unrealistic.
5、 Storage of Information
（1） Storage period
For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction.
We determine the storage period of personal information mainly based on the following criteria:
1. Complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records to respond to your inquiries or complaints;
2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
3. Do you agree to a longer retention period;
4. According to the relevant requirements of the statute of limitations for litigation;
5. Is there any other special agreement or legal regulation regarding the retention period.
After exceeding the retention period, we will delete your personal information as required by applicable laws.
（2） Storage location and global transmission
In principle, personal information collected and generated within the territory of the People's Republic of China shall be stored within the territory in accordance with applicable laws.
We will only provide your personal information to overseas parties for the purpose necessary to fulfill our contract with you or for other legitimate processing reasons. For example, if you purchase cross-border e-commerce services provided to you by overseas sellers and other third-party partners through our or our affiliated platforms, in order to fulfill your cross-border transaction, cross-border logistics delivery, customs clearance, and after-sales service needs
We or our affiliates will transmit necessary transaction related information from your order information to overseas sellers and other third-party partners.
Such overseas countries/regions have different data protection laws, and even have not formulated relevant laws. In such cases, we will evaluate and make every effort to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with the requirements of Chinese law. For example, for cross-border transmission of waybill information, de identification processing, encrypted transmission, regular evaluation and audit of the recipient's security capabilities, and signing of data processing agreements/terms are adopted.
If we need to transfer your personal information overseas due to business needs, we will comply with laws and regulations and the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities. In the relevant service agreement or specific function page authorization agreement, we will inform you of the name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, types of personal information of the overseas recipient, and the ways and procedures for you to exercise relevant rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain your separate consent (if applicable). For specific overseas seller information, you can view the public announcement on the specific store page. Before providing your personal information overseas, we will take measures such as security assessment, personal information protection certification by professional institutions, or entering into contracts with overseas recipients in accordance with the standard contracts formulated by the national cyberspace administration to meet the legal conditions for providing personal information overseas.
（3） Storage Security
1. Data protection technology measures
We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect your information, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, we use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information. When exchanging data between your browser and server, it is protected by SSL protocol encryption. We provide HTTPS protocol for secure browsing; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. At present, our important information systems have passed the third level or above evaluation of network security protection.
2. Organizational measures for data protection management
We have established an advanced data security management system in the industry, with data as the core and centered around the data lifecycle, to enhance the security of personal information from the dimensions of organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We have established a dedicated department for personal information protection and designated a person to be responsible for the protection of children's personal information. We continuously enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information through training courses and exams.
3. Response to Personal Information Security Incidents
If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will promptly activate emergency plans and take reasonable and necessary measures to minimize the impact on you personally. If a personal information security incident occurs, we will also inform you of the basic situation and impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you through SMS, phone calls, push notifications, and other reasonable channels. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
4. Prevention of Account Security Risks
When using Tmall services for online transactions, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. In addition, you can also establish communication, exchange information or analyze content with third parties through our services. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust other trading tools to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
If you are concerned about the leakage of your personal information, especially your account or password, please contact Tmall customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures based on your application. You can also independently use functions such as "Device Management", "Account Log", "Account Lock", and submit fraud complaints and reports in the "Mobile Tmall Homepage - Me - Settings - Account Security - Security Center".
6、 Policy updates
To provide you with a better product and service experience, we continuously strive to improve our products, services, and technology. When there are new services and business process changes, we will update our privacy policy and remind you of the updated content through [internal message] or other appropriate means, so that you can keep up with the latest version of this privacy policy in a timely manner. But without your explicit consent, we will not restrict your rights under this policy. We will post any changes made to this policy on a dedicated page.
For significant changes, we will provide more prominent notifications (including notifications through the Tmall client or pop-up prompts) to inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with relevant legal requirements.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. The business model of the product has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, and the way in which personal information is used;
2. The subject change of privacy policy caused by business adjustments, transaction mergers and acquisitions, and the change of the original processing purpose and processing method of the new subject recipient;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing or public disclosure have changed;
4. Significant changes have occurred in the user's personal information rights and their exercise methods;
5. When the contact information and complaint channels of the person in charge of personal information protection change;
6. When the personal information protection impact assessment report indicates that the product has a significant impact on individual rights and interests.
We will also archive the old version of this policy on a dedicated page on Tmall for your reference.
7、 Protection of Minors
We assume that you have the corresponding capacity for civil conduct in e-commerce activities. If you are a minor, we require you to have your parents or other guardians carefully read this policy and use our services with their consent
Please provide us with information or services.
After obtaining your consent, you can use our services under the guidance of your guardian to ensure your safety when using our services and conducting transactions.
If you are the parent or other guardian of a child, please pay attention to whether the child is using our services after obtaining your authorization and consent. If you have any questions about children's personal information, please contact our dedicated department for personal information protection.
8、 Contact Us
You can contact us through the following methods, and we will reply to your request within 15 days:
1. If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through Tmall customer service;
2. We have also established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which you can access through shujuhegui@service.alibaba.com Contact them, office address: Legal Service Desk, 1st Floor, Building 4, 969 Wenyi West Road, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City. It should be noted that we will not respond to questions unrelated to this policy or your personal information rights.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile.
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
Refers to the Tianmao.com website (domain name tmall. com) and the mobile Tmall app (mobile Tmall APP).
Tmall service provider
: Refers to Tmall Internet information and software technology service providers Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.
Related companies:
Refers to the affiliated companies of Taobao platform service providers disclosed in the latest annual report of Alibaba Group Holding Limited.
Alipay
: refers to Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd., the main provider of Alipay services.
personal information:
All kinds of information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded in electronic or other ways, excluding anonymized information.
Sensitive personal information: Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety, including biometric identification, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health care, financial accounts, tracking information, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Refers to minors under the age of fourteen.
Service log information:
This includes browsing history, click view history, search query history, favorites, adding to cart, transactions, after-sales service, following and sharing information, posting information, as well as IP address, browser type, telecom operator, language used, access date and time.
De identification:
The process of processing personal information to make it impossible to identify a specific individual without the need for additional information.
Before using any products or services on Tmall Mobile, please carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline. You should read them carefully and confirm that you fully understand and agree before starting to use them. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through various contact methods provided by Tmall on your mobile phone.
Before using any products or services on Tmall Mobile, please carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline. You should read them carefully and confirm that you fully understand and agree before starting to use them. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through various contact methods provided by Tmall on your mobile phone.
determine
