Version effective date: May 27, 2024
Version update date: May 27, 2024
This User Personal Information Protection Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") applies to all products and services under Xueersi Online School (hereinafter referred to as "Xueersi Online School" or "us"), except for other third-party products or services that you access through the platform's products and services; If you have a separate personal information protection policy for a product or service provided by the platform, the corresponding personal information protection policy for that service will take priority and form a complete policy together with this policy; If the products or services provided by the platform are used in the products or services of the platform's affiliated companies but no independent privacy policy is set up, this privacy policy also applies to that part of the products or services.
The platform wishes to explain to you through this policy how the platform collects, uses, shares, and protects your personal information, as well as how you manage personal information. Please carefully read and fully understand the contents of each clause, especially the clauses on exemption or limitation of liability, legal application and dispute resolution, as well as the content marked in bold, before clicking to agree to this policy. You should focus on reading them; If you do not agree to any terms in this policy, you should immediately stop accessing or using platform products or services. If you have any questions about the policy, you can contact Xueersi Online School through the methods listed in this policy.
When you click to confirm and agree to this policy or use platform products or services, it means that you have fully read, understood, and accepted all the contents of this policy, and have reached an agreement with Xueersi Online School. This policy is legally binding on you and Xueersi Online School.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How the platform collects and uses your personal information
2、 How does the platform use cookies and similar technologies
3、 How the platform shares, delegates, transfers, and publicly discloses your personal information
4、 How does the platform protect and store your personal information
5、 How does the platform handle the personal information of minors
6、 How do you manage your personal information
7、 How to update this policy
8、 Contact the platform
9、 Other
1、 How the platform collects and uses your personal information
When you use the platform's products or services, the personal information we may need to collect and use includes the following two types:
To achieve the basic functions of providing you with products or services on the platform, you must authorize the platform to collect and use necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use the platform's products or services normally;
To achieve the extension of platform products or services provided to you, you may choose to individually agree or disagree with the information collected and used by the platform. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the relevant extension functions normally or achieve the intended functional effects of the platform, which will not affect your use of the basic functions of the platform.
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, the XRS online school app operated by the platform belongs to the "[learning and education] category", the basic business function is "[online tutoring, online classes, etc.]", and the necessary personal information under this function is: [registered user's mobile phone number].
The platform hereby reminds you:
1. The platform is committed to creating a variety of products and services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and services provided by the platform, and the differences in the specific product or service scope chosen by different users, the basic/extended functions and the corresponding types and scope of personal information collected and used may vary. Please refer to the specific product or service functions.
2. In order to provide you with a better product and service experience, the platform continues to strive to improve its products, services, and technology. As a result, the platform may occasionally introduce new or optimized features, which may require the collection and use of new personal information or changes in the purpose or method of using personal information. If the above situation occurs, the platform will provide you with detailed explanations through updating this policy, pop-up prompts, and other means, and will obtain your consent again. Only after obtaining your explicit consent will the collection and use begin. During this process, if you have any questions, opinions or suggestions, you can contact the platform through the contact information listed in this policy, and we will reply as soon as possible.
（1） The platform will provide you with various specific functional scenarios
1. Registration and login
To become a user of Xueersi Online School and facilitate the platform to provide services for you, you need to provide basic registration or login information, including mobile phone numbers, and create your account, username, and password.
During the registration and login process for some individual services, if you provide additional information (such as your name, grade level, region, nickname, gender, English name, and profile picture provided by your account), it will help the platform provide you with a better service experience. However, if you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of the basic functions of Xueersi Online School.
The platform will obtain your relevant information from affiliated companies and partners of Xueersi Online School through pop ups authorized by you, in accordance with legal requirements and agreements with third parties. After confirming the legality of the information source, the platform will use your information. If you authorize the use of a third-party account to log in, the platform will obtain your shared account information (such as profile picture, nickname) from the third party, and after you agree to this policy, bind your third-party account with the Xueersi Online School account when you use relevant functions.
In browsing only mode, the platform may apply for system device permissions to collect device information and log information for security risk control purposes; And apply for storage permission for downloading and caching related files.
2. Classroom services
When you use classroom services at Xueersi Online School, the platform will use the user information you provide under your account to communicate with you online before, during, and after class. The platform will collect and save online communication information and audio, video, or image data from student interactions during class, which will be used for in class learning reports, teacher corrections, and to assist tutors in following up on student learning and providing feedback on learning outcomes; If you refuse authorization, we will not collect or store the aforementioned information, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions
3. Help you complete the payment
When you pay on the platform of XRS Online School, you can choose the third-party payment institutions (such as WeChat payment, Alipay) cooperated by XRS Online School
Payment services provided by payment channels such as JD Pay and CMB One Stop. The payment function itself does not collect your personal information, but the platform needs to share your Xueersi Online School order information and reconciliation information with these payment institutions to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment.
When you pay on the platform owned by XRS Online School, you can choose the payment services provided by the third-party payment institutions (such as WeChat payment, Alipay payment, JD payment, China Merchants Bank One Netcom payment, Apple payment channel) cooperated by XRS Online School. The payment function itself does not collect your personal information, but the platform needs to share your Xueersi Online School order information and reconciliation information with these payment institutions to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment.
4. Delivery of goods or services
You need to provide contact information (name, phone number), address information (such as when it comes to mailing learning materials such as textbooks and lecture notes), etc. to Xueersi Online School, so that Xueersi Online School can provide you with booking/purchasing services for specific products such as system courses, special courses, recorded courses, lecture seats, small classes, box courses, books, etc.
When you use delivery/mailing services (textbooks, books, physical purchases) on the platform under Xueersi Online School, you need to provide the recipient's name, phone number, shipping address, and house number so that your order can be safely and accurately delivered and completed. You can also choose to use it as the default address for future searches.
You can purchase various products/services for others through the platform under Xueersi Online School, and provide relevant information about the actual service recipient. You agree and ensure that you have obtained authorization from the relevant person before.
5. Order management
To display the order information of your account, the platform will collect the order information generated during your use of platform services to show you and facilitate your order management. In the orders generated by Xueersi Online School, your identity information, contact information, address information, payment information, etc. may be included, which are sensitive information. Please be cautious when displaying or providing them to others. If Xueersi Online School needs to provide order information to others, it will obtain your authorization and fulfill reasonable business care obligations to de identify your information in order to maximize the protection of your personal information and achieve information availability.
In order to provide you with better service, as well as to confirm the transaction status and provide after-sales and dispute resolution services, with your authorization, the platform will collect your transaction and payment related information related to the transaction progress through the third party information system, payment institution, etc. directly involved in the transaction and the transaction object you choose, so that the platform can process your order and ensure the smooth completion of the service, or better prevent malicious behaviors such as fraud and brushing orders.
6. Information Release
When you actively evaluate products/services or post other content (such as commenting, uploading videos, etc.) on the platform under Xueersi Online School, the platform will collect the information you post and display your nickname, avatar, and published content. If you choose to publish your review information anonymously, the platform will not display your nickname or avatar. You can also authorize access to your camera, photos, and microphone by actively uploading pictures, videos, etc., so that you can publish content through taking photos, videos, uploading photos, or uploading videos. When you need to turn off this feature, most mobile devices will support your request. Please refer to or contact the service provider or manufacturer of your mobile device for specific methods.
7. Good Future Book Features
The Good Future Book function in the platform is provided with technical services by an affiliated company of Shenzhen Keletang Education Consulting Co., Ltd., and its affiliated company Shenzhen Sansi Yunlian Network Technology Co., Ltd. provides content services. The platform implements the Good Future Book function through the Good Future Book SDK. When you scan the book QR code on the platform for online e-book reading and video learning, the platform will collect your registration and login information, purchased book information, device information (IP address, MAC address, network access method (WiFi, 3G, 4G, 5G, etc.), network quality data, operator name or abbreviation, current application version information, screen size, IDFV). If you refuse authorization, we will not collect or store the aforementioned information, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions.
8. Customer service
When you contact the customer service of the platform, the platform's system may record the communication/call records and content between you and the customer service, as well as use your account information for identity verification; When you need the platform to provide customer service related to your order, the platform may query your relevant order information in order to provide you with appropriate assistance and processing; When you need customer service assistance to modify relevant information (such as delivery address, contact information), you may also need to provide additional information beyond the above in order to complete the modification.
9. Provide you with security protection
To prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, infringement, security risks, illegal or violations of agreements, policies, or rules with the platform or its affiliated companies, the platform may collect or integrate your user information, service usage information, device information, log information, and information authorized by you or shared by platform affiliated companies and partners in accordance with the law.
The platform strengthens the security capabilities of the software installed on your device through continuously improving technological means to prevent the leakage of your personal information. In order to ensure the safe and stable operation of the services provided to you, prevent viruses, Trojan programs, and other malicious programs and websites, we will collect information about your use of products, services, and usage methods and associate this information, including:
Device Information: The platform will receive and record device related information (device model, operating system version, device settings, unique device identifier OAID and Android ID software and hardware feature information, sensors, device MAC address, software installation list) based on the specific permissions granted by you during software installation and use.
Device Information: The platform will receive and record device related information (device model, operating system version, device settings, software and hardware feature information) based on the specific permissions granted by you during software installation and use.
Log information: When you use the website or client provided by the platform
When it comes to products or services, the platform will automatically collect detailed usage information about your platform services and save it as relevant network logs. Your search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, language used, visit date and time, webpage history you visited, call status information.
Please note that individual device information, log information, etc. are information that cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If the platform combines such non personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person, or uses it in conjunction with personal information, during the combined use period, such non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, the platform will anonymize such personal information.
10. Shear plate
When you use the products or services provided by the platform's website or client, we need to track the information sources through a clipboard. During the statistical process, we will not send back your personal privacy information that has been written into the clipboard; When you share or receive shared information, we need to access your clipboard, read the information contained in it, and copy and paste it.
11. Extended services based on system permissions
In order to provide you with more convenient, high-quality, and personalized features and services, and strive to enhance your experience, the platform may collect and use your personal information based on system permissions in the extended functions provided to you. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of the platform's basic products or services, but you may not be able to obtain the user experience that these extended features or services bring to you.
Please note that by enabling any permission, you authorize the platform to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you disable any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. The platform will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor can it continue to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. Your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
【 Read and Write Memory Permissions 】: When you use avatar image settings, practice taking photos, answering questions with photos, video microphone connection, tutoring and monitoring, course check-in, end of class check-in, speech interaction, photo interaction, video interaction, parent auditing, speech shows, young lecturers or speakers, and activation of TAL Education Press, the platform will obtain your camera permissions for real-time shooting. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to use specific functions related to real-time shooting, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
Camera Permissions: When you use features such as avatar image settings, practice taking photos, answering questions with photos, video conferencing, tutoring and monitoring, course check-in, end of class check-in, speech interaction, photo interaction, video interaction, parent auditing, speech shows, young lecturers or speakers, and activation of TAL Education's photo book, the platform will obtain your camera permissions for real-time shooting. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to use specific functions related to real-time shooting, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
[Album Permissions]: When you use the avatar image settings and activate the future book function, in order for you to upload local album images, the platform will obtain your album permissions. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to access specific functions related to using and uploading local album images, but it will not affect your use of other platform services.
[Album Permission]: When you use avatar image settings, activate the Future Book function, practice taking photos, answer questions with photos, guide and monitor classes, sign in before class, take interactive photos, and other functions, the platform needs to obtain your album permission in order for you to upload pictures/videos. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to use specific functions related to image/video uploading, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
[Microphone Permission]: When you use functions such as voice search, voice speaking, voice barrage, simultaneous speaking, speaking on stage, voice evaluation, live streaming microphone connection, self-study room, small lecturer or speaker, in order to use microphone devices for voice input, the platform needs to obtain your microphone permission and collect your voice information. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to use specific functions related to voice input, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
[Network Permissions]: In order to display real-time information to you and provide courses, online book reading and learning related services, the platform needs to obtain your network permissions. For some mobile phone models, when applying for network permissions, the mobile phone system will also include an application for SMS permissions. At this time, the SMS permission application is triggered by the mobile phone system, and the platform cannot control or restrict this operation. If network permissions are not enabled, the platform will not be able to display information or provide services normally.
Suspension window permission: In order to suspend a movable window in the platform interface for opening different pages, the platform needs to obtain your suspension window permission. When you purchase a course while attending a live class or watching a video, the video will be reduced to a floating window for playback. When there is a video in the course details, if the video slides outside the current screen interface, the video will play in a small window. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to use specific functions related to floating windows, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
[Location Information Permission]: We do not have any functionality to use location, but due to the embedding of the Youmeng SDK, the Youmeng SDK may have used location permissions internally. You can choose to refuse. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to use specific functions related to the Youmeng SDK, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
[Voice Recognition]: When you use voice input, voice barrage, and other functions, in order to translate your voice input into text, the platform needs to obtain your voice recognition permission. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to use specific functions related to speech recognition, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
Bluetooth Permissions: When you are studying programming courses, in order to be able to connect Bluetooth hardware for richer classroom interactions, the platform needs to obtain your Bluetooth permissions. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to connect to Bluetooth devices, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
[Location Information Permission]: When you are studying programming courses, for
To connect Bluetooth hardware for richer classroom interaction, the platform needs to obtain your location information permission. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to scan nearby Bluetooth devices, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
Calendar Permissions: When you participate in an event and enable the reminder function, the platform needs to obtain your calendar permissions in order to help you embed your schedule in your mobile system calendar and achieve the purpose of reminders. Regarding this feature, we offer two options for you to choose from: batch implantation and individual implantation. You can also choose not to enable calendar permissions. If you do not enable calendar permissions, you will not be able to use the aforementioned reminder function, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP. You can also disable the calendar permission at any time. After disabling this permission, you will no longer be able to use the aforementioned reminder function, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
Bluetooth Permissions: When you are studying programming courses, in order to be able to connect Bluetooth hardware for richer classroom interactions, the platform needs to obtain your Bluetooth permissions. If the permission is not enabled, you will not be able to connect to Bluetooth devices, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by the Xueersi Online School APP.
You can click here to view the application permission application and usage instructions.
12. Self start and associated start instructions
To ensure that this application can receive client push broadcast information normally when it is closed or running in the background, this application must use (self start) capability to wake up the self start or associated start behavior of this application through the system sending broadcasts at a certain frequency, which is necessary for the implementation of functions and services.
（2） Other rules for collecting and using personal information
The purpose of collecting and using the above information by Xueersi Online School is to better operate Xueersi Online School products and services. When the platform collects your information for other specific purposes not specified in this policy, it will seek your consent in advance. If the platform ceases to operate Xueersi Online School products or services, the platform will promptly stop the activity of collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information held.
2. Exceptions to obtaining authorized consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information without your consent in the following situations:
(1) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
(5) The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(6) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(7) Necessary to sign and fulfill the contract according to your requirements;
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting or handling product or service failures;
(9) We fulfill our obligations as stipulated by laws and regulations;
(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
（3） How to use personal information
We collect your information in order to provide you with services and improve service quality. To achieve this goal, we will use your information in the following ways or for the following purposes:
1. We will use the collected personal information in accordance with the content of this privacy policy to provide you with the Xueersi Online School products or services you use, and to maintain, improve, and optimize these services and service experiences; If the platform needs to use the collected relevant information for new purposes, scope, or actual transmission methods that are inconsistent with the provisions of this agreement, the platform will notify you through a pop-up prompt and obtain your explicit consent.
2. In order to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent, infringing, unsafe, illegal, or violating agreements, policies, or rules with the platform or its affiliated companies, and to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users, the public, the platform, or its affiliated companies, the platform may use or integrate your user information, service usage information, device information, log information, and information authorized by you or shared by its affiliated companies and partners in accordance with the law to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, verify your identity, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
3. In order to provide you with service content that better meets your needs, the platform will collect and use your grade, region, and order information to extract your preference characteristics. The platform may also process or combine your information with information from other services for data analysis to form an indirect user profile, which is used to provide you with more personalized services, including recommending suitable courses and products to you, such as displaying and pushing content that you may be interested in, sending you product and service information, displaying personalized third-party promotion information to you through the system, or sharing information with Xueersi Online School partners with your consent so that they can send you information about their products and services.
If you want to manage personalized ads, you can set them in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 icon in the upper right corner - 【 Privacy Settings 】. When you turn them off, the relevance of the ads you see will decrease, but the ads will not disappear.
4. The platform may also contact you through SMS, phone, or other methods agreed upon by you based on the contact information you provide, to recommend courses or products that you may be interested in, as well as products or services provided by the platform. If you refuse to accept SMS or telemarketing, you can unsubscribe from the platform's SMS or telemarketing messages according to the instructions in the SMS or phone call.
You can explicitly refuse to receive calls or text messages from the platform during the phone call or based on the message prompts. You are aware that SMS unsubscribe may incur a certain communication fee, which you will be responsible for paying to the carrier yourself.
5. During the live class, the learning center will collect the photos, audio, and video of the speeches submitted by the students. With your consent
Afterwards, we will upload images, audio, and video to Alibaba Cloud storage and save the storage address on the server of Xueersi Online School. This data will be used for AI voice assessment, tutor correction, and learning report display scenarios. You can view it by clicking on the learning report. We will use technological means to de identify the data and process your personal information in a secure production environment.
If you refuse to upload and save your audio or video, we will not collect and upload it, nor will we be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of the product or service.
6. In order to standardize the communication skills of platform customer service and teachers, the platform will collect and use communication/call records and content during the service process provided by customer service and teachers to you. You authorize the platform or the platform to entrust a third-party technical service provider to collect, store, organize, analyze, process and use the above information in order to improve the quality of platform products and/or services and provide you with a better service experience. We will use technological means to de identify the data and process your personal information in a secure production environment.
To track the usage of our products/services, we will summarize, analyze, and utilize user data that has undergone technical processing, and share the processed statistical information with third parties. We will use secure encryption techniques and other methods to ensure that the information recipient cannot re identify specific individuals.
8. Other uses authorized by you.
Please understand that the products and/or services we provide to you will be constantly updated and changed. If you choose to use other products and/or services not listed in this privacy policy, we will provide you with a detailed explanation of the purpose, method, and scope of information collection and seek your consent through agreements, page prompts, and other means before collecting your personal information. If you do not agree to provide the aforementioned information, you may not be able to use the product and/or service, but it does not affect your use of existing products and/or services.
2、 How does the platform use cookies and similar technologies
To provide you with a more convenient access experience, when you use Xueersi Online School products or services, the platform may collect and store data files of your access to Xueersi Online School services through various technologies. When you access or revisit Xueersi Online School services, the platform can identify your identity and provide you with better and more services by analyzing the data. Including using small data files to identify your identity, this is done to understand your usage habits, help you avoid the step of repeatedly entering account information, or help determine the security of your account. These data files may be cookies, Flash cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively referred to as "cookies").
2. Please understand that certain services of the platform can only be implemented through the use of cookies. If your browser or browser add-on services allow it, you can modify your acceptance of cookies or refuse cookies from Xueersi Online School. However, refusing cookies from Xueersi Online School may prevent you from using certain features of Xueersi Online School services that rely on cookies in certain situations.
3. Web pages often contain electronic images called "single pixel GIF files" or "network beacons", which can help websites calculate the number of users browsing the web or accessing certain cookies. The platform will collect your browsing activity information through network beacons, including the page address you visited, the address of the referenced page you previously visited, the time you stayed on the page, your browsing environment, and display settings.
3、 How the platform shares, delegates, transfers, and publicly discloses your personal information
1. Sharing
We promise to strictly keep your information confidential, and the platform will not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals other than the service providers of Xueersi Online School, except for the following situations:
1.1 Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, the platform will share your personal information with other parties.
1.2 Sharing under legal circumstances: The platform may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation dispute resolution needs, or requests made by administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the law.
1.3 Some services of Xueersi Online School are jointly provided by Shenzhen Keletang Education Consulting Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies. In such services, your information will be shared. Specifically, the courses in Xueersi Online School are provided with technical services by Shenzhen Keletang Education Consulting Co., Ltd., and content services are provided by Beijing Xueersi Education Technology Co., Ltd. and Guangdong Wei'ai Peisi Online Non Discipline Training School Co., Ltd; The community function in Xueersi Online School is provided with technical services by Shenzhen Keletang Education Consulting Co., Ltd. and operational services by Beijing Xueersi Education Technology Co., Ltd; The Good Future Book function in Xueersi Online School is provided with technical services by Shenzhen Keletang Education Consulting Co., Ltd. and content services by Shenzhen Sansi Yunlian Network Technology Co., Ltd. The aforementioned services are used under a common account with other services of Xueersi Online School. Therefore, the platform needs to share your registration information (i.e. registration phone number), purchased course information, learning progress, and the content you actively submit in the course function (including but not limited to assignments or other content you actively upload, such as comments, videos, etc.) with Beijing Xueersi Education Technology Co., Ltd. and Guangdong Wei'ai Peisi Online Non Discipline Training School Co., Ltd; Share the content you voluntarily submit in the community function (including but not limited to assignments or other content you voluntarily upload, such as comments, videos, etc.) with Beijing Xueersi Education Technology Co., Ltd; Share the communication/call records and content between you and customer service regarding the use of future book functions in customer service with Shenzhen Sansi Yunlian Network Technology Co., Ltd., in order to provide you with the aforementioned services.
If the platform shares your sensitive personal information or if the aforementioned parties change the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
1.4 Sharing with affiliated companies: In order to facilitate the platform to jointly provide you with related accounts
To provide services, recommend information that you may be interested in, or protect the personal and property safety of affiliated companies of Xueersi Online School or other users or the public from infringement. Your personal information may be shared with affiliated companies of the platform. The platform will only share necessary personal information (such as sharing your necessary account information with affiliated companies for the convenience of using the Xueersi Online School account to access platform related products or services).
If the platform shares your sensitive personal information or if affiliated companies change the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again. You agree to the sharing of necessary information between affiliated companies and Xueersi Online School. Xueersi Online School will accurately record and store the sharing of personal information, including the date, scale, purpose, and basic information of the data recipient.
1.5 Sharing with Authorized Partners: For the purposes stated in this policy, certain services of the platform will be jointly provided by the platform and authorized partners. The platform may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, when you purchase products online from websites, the platform must share your personal information with logistics service providers in order to arrange delivery, or arrange for partners to provide services; For example, when the platform provides classroom services, customer service, and marketing recommendations to you, the platform must share your personal information with the communication service provider in order to communicate with you online. The platform will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services.
If it is necessary to share your information with a third party in order to provide you with services, we will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of the information collected by that third party. We will require third parties to take protective measures for your information and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. Platform partners have no right to use shared personal information for purposes unrelated to products or services.
1.6 Xueersi Online School Service includes links to other websites. Unless otherwise provided by law, Xueersi Online School is not responsible for the privacy protection measures of other websites. The platform may add websites for business partners or shared brands at any time as needed, but the information provided to them will only be anonymized and the platform will not disclose your identity.
1.7 The platform may share necessary data with third parties through application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs). The platform will conduct strict security checks on the APIs and SDKs used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information.
Purpose/Use of Collecting Personal Information
Types of personal information collected
Privacy Policy
Share content to third-party apps (QQ, WeChat).
Device information (IMEI/MAC/Android ID/IDA/OpenUDID/GUIDE/IP address/SIM card IMSI information, system version, system type, device application installation list)
Beijing Ruixun Lingtong Technology Co., Ltd
To improve service stability and facilitate quick and accurate identification of issues in case of service crashes
Tencent Technology Co., Ltd
Shenzhen Minsecs Network OpenInstall SDK
Used for authentication, customer service, archiving, and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you
Equipment and parameters, system information (device type, device model, operating system), device identifiers (IMEI, Android ID, MAC, OAID related information) to provide data statistics services, obtain sticker information, and obtain sensor information
Shenzhen Minsecs Network Technology Co., Ltd
WeChat Pay SDK
When you purchase goods or services on the platform, in order to facilitate your payment behavior
WeChat Pay authorization information, Mac address IMEI、Android_id、IMSI
Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd
JD Payment SDK
JD Pay authorization information, Mac address IMEI、Android_id、IMSI
Beijing JD 360 Degrees E-commerce Co., Ltd
Investment Payment SDK
Authorization information for investment payment, Mac address IMEI、Android_id、IMSI
China Merchants Bank Company Limited 
Alipay SDK
Alipay payment authorization information, Mac address IMEI、Android_id、IMSI
Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd
To provide you with convenient sharing services, share content on Tencent QQ
To promptly notify users of the answer results, our product integrates push channels from Xiaomi, Huawei, OPPO, and VIVO manufacturers
Device identification number, application installation list, Android ID, WiFi information (MAC address, SSID, BSSID), in order to maintain the link status, the push SDK will periodically self start or associate to call the network and server to maintain communication and report the required information. For specific information, please refer to the manufacturer's privacy statement.
TAL Account Security Center SDK (TALAccSDK, TALMgSdk)
Provide you with convenient login services
Beijing Xintang Sichuang Education Technology Co., Ltd
Provide cloud storage capabilities for images, HTML pages, materials, videos, audios, uploaded files, log upload and analysis, and domain name resolution functions
Network information, mobile operator, system version, IMSI, bssid, IP address
Alibaba Cloud Computing Co., Ltd
Audio and video services and optimal experience provided during online live streaming
Device type, device model, CPU information, storage information, battery level information, operating system information, IP address, signal strength information, network type, user agent, Bluetooth enabled information
Shanghai Zhaoyan Network Technology Co., Ltd
International Equipment Identity (IMEI), International Mobile User Identity (IMSI), Network Card Address (MAC Address), User Model, Screen Size, Operating System Version Number, Target API
Network type (ApnType), network change monitoring broadcast, and WiFi MAC address, device type, IP address, device application installation list
To statistically analyze your search history, browsing history, favorites history, viewing time, order information, likes/shares/comments/interactions when using our products or services, your interests, preferences, and behaviors, in order to improve the platform's recommendation algorithm, abnormal function problem tracking, and repair experience.
Your actions on the page, display information of page content, mobile operator, network information, application installation list, Android ID
Shence Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd
In order to more accurately push the messages on the platform to you
Alibaba Network Technology Co., Ltd
To monitor the effectiveness of message communication connections in real-time and respond promptly to network changes
In order to better render 3D models and optimize the presentation of different phones
Equipment information, log information
Meiyoudi Software (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
In order to provide better domain name resolution
Network type, network name, WIFI Mac address, mobile operator, application list, SSID, BSSID
Urgently fix major bugs in the product and pull remote patch files
Collect personal facial location information for making stickers and gesture recognition
Facial feature point information
Beijing Shangtang Technology Development Co., Ltd
To provide you with a convenient one click login method using your local phone number
Mobile phone number information, IP address, network type, device manufacturer, device model, mobile operating system
China Mobile Number Authentication Service (only when your mobile operator is China Mobile)
Register mobile phone number, email, local phone number, mobile device type, mobile operating system, hardware manufacturer, international mobile device identification code, operator type, network type, number of SIM cards, international mobile user identification code, network address, screen size, screen resolution
China Mobile Internet Co., Ltd
China Unicom Number Authentication Service (only when your mobile operator is China Unicom)
Anonymous User Identification (UAID) generated from mobile phone number and device type, device identification code, mobile operating system, hardware manufacturer, operator type, network type, SIM number, network address, international mobile user identification code, mobile device type, screen size, screen resolution information
China United Network Communications Co., Ltd
China Telecom Number Authentication Service (only when your mobile operator is China Telecom)
Register mobile phone number, local phone number, international mobile user identification code, network connection type, network status information, network address, operator type, mobile device type, mobile device manufacturer, mobile operating system type and version. Network IP address, network type
Century Dragon Information Network Co., Ltd
IFlytek SDK
Provide you with text to speech function
Text input content
IFlytek Co., Ltd
Sender's model (Build. MODEL), sender's device name (Bluetooth name), system language, Android system version, network type, Android ID, manufacturer (Build. MANUFACTURER), BSSID, WiFi name, local IP address
Shenzhen Lebo Technology Co., Ltd
Improve development efficiency and facilitate tracking of detailed information on UI pages within the app
Do not collect user information, do not involve privacy policy link>
Beijing ByteDance Technology Co., Ltd
Tiktok video sharing SDK
Used for sharing works
User related personal information, including user nickname and avatar information; Device information: operating system, user agent
Beijing Weibo Vision Technology Co., Ltd
Provide built-in browser functionality
Xiaohongshu shares SDK
Share content on Xiaohongshu
Xingyin Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
Good Future Book SDK
Provide user information to Good Future Books and gain the ability to fulfill the contract with Good Future Books
Registration and login, customer service records, device information (IP address, Android ID, MAC address, network access method (WiFi, 3G, 4G, 5G, etc.), network quality data, operator name or abbreviation, current application version information, screen size, IDFV), purchased picture book information
You can click here to view our list of shared personal information with third parties.
2. Entrustment processing
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal information in order to provide you with corresponding products or services. But we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing products or services. If our partners use your personal information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
Our partners include the following types:
A supplier that provides technical services. We may provide your personal information to third parties who support our functions, including suppliers who provide us with infrastructure technology services, data analysis services, and data processing services.
If we entrust our partners to process personal information, we will sign a data protection agreement with them, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with the agreement, this privacy policy, and relevant laws and regulations.
3. Transfer
If the platform needs to transfer personal information due to business restructuring, merger, division, dissolution, bankruptcy declaration, asset transfer, etc., the platform will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information and require the recipient to continue to be bound by this policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, the platform will require the recipient to obtain your consent again.
4. Public disclosure
The platform will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
4.1 With your explicit consent or based on your voluntary choice, the platform may publicly disclose your personal information;
4.2 If the platform determines that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated the relevant agreement rules of Xueersi Online School, or to protect the personal and property safety of Xueersi Online School and its affiliated company users or the public from infringement, the platform may
Subject to obtaining your consent in accordance with laws and regulations or the relevant agreement rules of Xueersi Online School, we are able to disclose personal information about you, including related violations and measures taken by Xueersi Online School against you.
5. Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
5.1 Relevant to the obligations of personal information controllers in accordance with laws and regulations;
5.2 Directly related to national security and defense security;
5.3 Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
5.4 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5.5 For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
5.6 Personal information that the personal information subject voluntarily discloses to the public;
5.7 Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
4、 How does the platform protect and store your personal information
（1） Protection measures for personal information
1. The platform will take various preventive measures to protect your personal information, to ensure that your personal information is not lost, stolen, misused, or accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed without authorization. To ensure the security of your personal information, the platform has strict information security regulations and processes, and a dedicated information security team strictly enforces the above measures within the company.
2. Xueersi Online School has an industry-leading data security management system centered around data lifecycle, which enhances the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions such as organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology.
3. The platform will take reasonable and feasible measures to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information and retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless an extension of the retention period is required or permitted by law.
4. In the event of a personal information security incident, the platform will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures taken or to be taken by the platform, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you, in accordance with legal requirements and no later than 30 natural days. The platform will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, the platform will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, the platform will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
5. Due to technical restrictions and various possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security of information. We will try our best to ensure the security of personal information you provide us. Please be aware and understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may experience issues due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your personal information such as account passwords to others.
（2） Preservation of Personal Information
1. The platform will store the collected personal information in the following form: the collected and generated personal information will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law. For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction; The Implementation Opinions of the Ministry of Education and Six Other Departments on Standardizing Off campus Online Training stipulate that user behavior logs must be retained for more than one year, training content and data information must be retained for more than one year, and live teaching videos must be retained for at least six months. The criteria for determining the aforementioned deadline on the platform include:
1.1 Complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
1.2 Ensure the safety and quality of the services provided by the platform to you;
1.3 Are there any other special provisions regarding retention periods.
After your personal information exceeds the retention period, the platform will delete your personal information or anonymize it according to applicable laws and regulations (if you are a minor, the platform will process your personal information according to relevant laws and regulations after the retention period expires). If it is not possible to delete according to relevant requirements due to special circumstances, the platform will explain the relevant matters to you.
2. The personal information collected and generated by the platform during its operation within the territory of the People's Republic of China shall be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. Regarding the personal information generated by users of Xueersi Online School outside the People's Republic of China during the use of Xueersi Online School products and services, you agree to return it to servers stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. Otherwise, you will not be able to use the existing Xueersi Online School products and services. In such cases, the platform will ensure that your personal information receives sufficient and equal protection within the territory of the People's Republic of China.
5、 How does the platform handle the personal information of minors
The platform attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors.
According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under the age of 18, before using platform functions or services, you should jointly read and independently decide whether to agree to this policy under the supervision and guidance of your guardian, and have your guardian assist you in completing the registration process so that you can use platform functions or services.
Specifically, if you are a child under the age of 14, before using platform features or services, you should ask your guardian to carefully read our specially formulated "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" to ensure that you can only use platform features or services under the guidance of your guardian after obtaining their consent to the "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules".
If you are the guardian of a minor, you should carefully read and independently decide whether to agree to this policy before helping the minor complete registration and use; Specifically, if you are the guardian of a child under the age of 14, please
It is necessary to carefully read the 'Rules for the Protection of Children's Personal Information', decide whether to agree with this policy and the 'Rules for the Protection of Children's Personal Information', and assist children in registering and using them, so that they can use the platform's functions or services. Children under the age of 14 can only use the functions or services provided by the platform after obtaining the consent of their guardians to this policy. In order to strengthen the protection of children's personal information, in addition to complying with other provisions under this policy, the platform will follow the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security guarantee, and lawful use, and protect children's personal information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations and the provisions of this policy. For specific content, please refer to the "Rules for the Protection of Children's Personal Information".
If you have any questions or requests regarding the protection of personal information of minors under your guardianship, please contact the platform through the contact information disclosed in this policy. The platform will process and reply to you within a reasonable time. If the guardian discovers that the personal information of the relevant minor is filled in by the minor themselves and needs to be modified or deleted, please feel free to contact us at any time.
6、 How do you manage your personal information
1. Access and view your information: You can view your existing registration and other provided information by clicking on "My" and then clicking on "Avatar".
2. Correct your information: You can change your personal information (including phone number, name, avatar, gender, region, and shipping address information) through Xueersi Online School's online service (path: My Customer Service Contact Customer Service Manual Customer Service) or telephone service channel (phone: 10101985). If you have any questions, you can contact the platform through Xueersi Online School's online service or telephone service channel to help you solve the problem.
3. Delete your information: You can contact the platform through Xueersi Online School's online service channel (path: My Customer Service Contact Customer Service Manual Customer Service) or telephone service channel (phone: 10101985), provide relevant information, and the platform will help you delete user information. If the platform ceases to operate or provide related services, the platform will promptly stop the activity of collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information held.
4. You withdraw your consent or authorization: Each business function of the platform requires some basic personal information to be completed (see this policy). besides:
4.1 You can revoke partial authorization by unbinding, modifying personal settings, deleting relevant information, or by disabling the function.
4.2 When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your consent or authorization.
5. Cancel your user account: You can contact the platform through the phone service channel of Xueersi Online School (call 10101985), provide relevant information, and the platform will help you cancel your account. You can also apply to cancel your account through the online service channel (path: My Customer Service Contact Customer Service Manual Customer Service). Before you cancel your account, we will require you to undergo necessary identity verification, including personal identity, security status, device information, etc. For the process and content of cancellation, please refer to the instructions on the account cancellation page. You acknowledge and understand that the act of canceling your account is irreversible. After you cancel your account, we will cease to provide services to you and delete all information related to your account or anonymize it, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
6. Obtain a copy of your personal information: You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information. You can do this by clicking on "My" ->"Avatar" in the upper left corner to enter the "Personal Profile" page and using the screenshot function provided on your phone.
7. Constrained information system automatic decision-making: In some business functions, we may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request an explanation from us, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
8. Responding to your above request
If you are unable to manage your personal information through the above methods, or if you believe that the platform violates any laws and regulations or agreements with you regarding the collection or use of personal information, you can contact the platform through the contact information provided in this policy.
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will respond within fifteen days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
(1) Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
(2) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(5) The personal information controller has sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(6) For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
(7) Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
(8) Involving trade secrets.
7、 How to update this policy
Xueersi Online School has the right to modify the terms of this policy when necessary and notify you through internal pop ups. But without your explicit consent, we will not reduce you
The rights that should be enjoyed according to this policy. You can check the latest version of the modified policy on this platform at any time. If you do not agree with the revised policy, you have the right to terminate your authorization to the platform. After the update of this policy, if you continue to use the corresponding platform functions, it will be deemed that you have accepted the modified policy.
For significant changes, the platform will also provide more prominent notifications (including soliciting opinions, announcing notices, and even providing pop-up prompts to you through internal application pop ups).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
The service model of the platform has undergone significant changes. The purpose of processing user information, the way in which user information is used, etc;
2. The platform has undergone significant changes in control, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main objects of user information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling user information security on the platform change;
When the user information security impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks.
8、 Contact the platform
When you have personal information protection related issues or other complaints, reports, suggestions, etc., you can contact the platform through the following methods. The platform will review the involved content as soon as possible and respond to your questions, complaints, reports, suggestions, etc. within 15 days:
1. You can call our customer service hotline 10101985 at any time to contact us;
2. You can also access it at any time through https://online.xueersi.com/ Contact us through the website;
3. The platform has established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which can be accessed through email xeswxjubao@tal.com Contact them or send a letter to the following address: Sichuan Building, No. 2001 Hongli Road, Fuqiang Community, Huaqiangbei Street, Futian District, Shenzhen.
9、 Other
1. The titles of all clauses in this policy are for ease of reading only and shall not be used as a basis for interpreting or limiting the meaning of this policy.
2. If any provision of this policy is deemed null and void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed separable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this policy.
3. This policy may be available in multiple languages, including Chinese and English. In case of any conflict between the Chinese version and other language versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
4. For certain specific products and services, the platform will also develop specific privacy policies and explain them before providing you with these specific products and services. If a specific privacy policy is inconsistent with this policy, that specific privacy policy shall apply.
Appendix: Definition
1. Products and services under Xueersi Online School: Refers to the products and services provided to you by Shenzhen Keletang Education Consulting Co., Ltd. (registered address: No. 1, 1st Floor, Sichuan Building, No. 1402, 14th Floor, Hongli Road, Fuqiang Community, Huaqiangbei Street, Futian District, Shenzhen) and its extended functions through the following channels: including but not limited to Xueersi Online School website, mobile applications (apps), clients, related WeChat open platform accounts or mini programs, Xueersi Online School software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) for third-party websites and applications, products and services provided by Xueersi Online School affiliated companies without independent privacy policies., as well as the various products and services provided to you in new forms that have emerged with technological development.
2. Other third-party products or services: including but not limited to products or services provided to you by other counterparties, third-party websites, and third-party service providers outside of Xueersi Online School.
3. Affiliated companies: Refers to the affiliated companies of TAL Education Group disclosed in the latest annual report of TAL Education Group's listed company.
4. Partners: Refers to third-party information systems, payment institutions, social platforms such as WeChat/QQ/Weibo used for third-party login during the service provision process of Xueersi Online School, as well as other third-party entities or platforms that Xueersi Online School cooperates with to achieve certain functions, provide better customer service and user experience.
5. Personal information: refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
6. Sensitive personal information: refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. Including ID number, mobile phone number, personal biometric information, bank account number, property information, whereabouts, transaction information, personal information of children under 14 years old (including), etc.
7. Personal information deletion: refers to the act of removing personal information from systems involved in daily business functions, so that it remains in a state where it cannot be retrieved or accessed.
