Version update date: March 24, 2023
Version effective date: March 31, 2023
Little Pig Privacy Policy Agreement
Welcome to visit the Xiaozhu Homestay website and Xiaozhu Homestay APP (hereinafter referred to as Xiaozhu). Xiaozhu is owned, operated, and maintained by Beijing Kuaipao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address: 909-91, 9th floor, Building 17, No. 30 Shixing Street, Shijingshan District, Beijing). Privacy is your important right, and Xiaozhu attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. Before using Xiaozhu's services, please carefully read and thoroughly understand this agreement. The key content of Xiaozhu has been highlighted in bold and underlined, and we hope you pay special attention to it when reading and browsing. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, you shall immediately cease the registration process and/or stop using the platform services. Once you use or continue to use Xiaozhu products and services, it means that you agree to Xiaozhu processing your relevant information in accordance with this policy.
You agree that when you use certain functions, Xiaozhu will collect some necessary sensitive information from you, and Xiaozhu has also highlighted it in bold underline to enhance the prompt to you.
1、 Overview
1. Xiaozhu will explain one by one the types of personal information collected by Xiaozhu and their corresponding purposes, so that you can understand the specific types, reasons for use, and collection methods of personal information collected by Xiaozhu for a particular function.
You have the right to refuse to provide personal sensitive information to Xiaozhu, but refusing Xiaozhu to collect and use this information may affect your use of related functions.
If there are any inconsistencies or contradictions between the other agreements and rules of the Xiaozhu platform and this agreement, this agreement shall prevail.
Mobile phone numbers are sensitive information
You can also choose to fill in your date of birth, gender, location, blood type, education, and occupation information according to your own needs, which will help us provide you with more personalized services. In addition, you can choose to provide your ID or passport information to Xiaozhu, which is sensitive information,
Your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, MAC address, login IP address, Xiaozhu software version number, network access method and type, device accelerator, operation log information, and sensor information such as WLAN (such as Wi Fi) access points, Bluetooth, and base stations that can provide relevant information.
3. You agree that Xiaozhu will share or transfer your personal information to third parties under the agreed circumstances under these rules.
4. You agree that Xiaozhu may indirectly obtain your personal information from third parties for business purposes. If the personal information processing activities required by Xiaozhu for conducting business exceed the scope of your authorized consent when providing personal information to third parties, Xiaozhu will obtain your explicit consent before processing your personal information; In addition, Xiaozhu will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, and require third parties to ensure the legality of the information provided.
5. You can access, correct, delete, or withdraw your personal information through the channels listed in these rules, as well as cancel your account or file a complaint.
2、 Scope of application
1. If there is a conflict between this agreement and the laws and regulations of different jurisdictions, the applicable laws and regulations of the corresponding jurisdiction shall be followed to the maximum extent possible in accordance with the original intention of this agreement.
2. The content specified in this agreement is only applicable to Xiaozhu users. If there are any inconsistencies or contradictions between the other agreements and rules of the Xiaozhu platform and this agreement, this agreement shall prevail.
3、 Collection and storage of information
1. The purpose and method of Xiaozhu collecting your personal information:
(1) When you register for Little Pig, Little Pig will collect your email or phone number information to help you complete the Little Pig registration and protect the security of your Little Pig account. Mobile phone numbers are sensitive information, and collecting such information is to meet the requirements of relevant laws and regulations for network real name registration. If you do not provide this type of information, you may not be able to use Xiaozhu's services normally. You can also choose to fill in your date of birth, gender, location, blood type, education, and occupation information according to your own needs, which will help us provide you with more personalized services. In addition, you can choose to provide your ID or passport information to Xiaozhu, which is sensitive information. Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from becoming Xiaozhu's landlord but will not affect your normal use of Xiaozhu's other functions. If you only need to use browsing, search and other functions, you do not need to register as our user and provide the above information.
Statistics on user usage to optimize
The functional experience of the product
Xiaozhu will provide geographic location information based on your authorization, in order to ensure normal use of the search area.
When you use the map function, Xiaozhu will request your authorization for geographic location permission in order to provide you with navigation services. This information belongs to sensitive information,
Piggy may request your camera or storage read-write permission for the purpose of taking photos or reading photos from the album. The property address, property type, property photo, property information, bed information, property description, supporting facilities, and transaction rules information you uploaded will be stored on Xiaozhu's server,
Xiaozhu will request your authorization to use the microphone. Xiaozhu will encrypt your chat messages and only collect the encrypted information. The above information is sensitive information,
Xiaozhu will collect your information, including check-in details
Booking person information
Rent information, insurance premium information, order price information, coupon information, transaction rules, transaction information. The above information is sensitive information,
Piglet will ask you for permission to authorize the location, and collect your real name, ID number, fingerprint information and facial feature value information according to the needs of door lock use. Piglet will collect your information with your selected door lock service associated suppliers (including door lock manufacturers, face recognition technology partners, and third-party payment agencies), including access control application information (landlord name, user name, Piglet account number, house source address), door lock information (door lock name, brand, installation address, installation date, warranty time), door lock status (power, communication status, use status), user information (including tenant/landlord name, mobile phone number, application door lock address, account number, source), and door lock digital password information Bluetooth key information of door lock and door opening history. The above information is sensitive information
，
Unless authorized by you, the information collected above is only for the purpose of providing smart door lock usage needs, and Xiaozhu will not transmit, store, or share any facial feature information of your fingerprint machine.
Xiaozhu will collect your information, including on-site service order information (contact name, contact phone number, whether there is a smart door lock, guest check-in/check-out time, landlord name, landlord phone number, property address), cleaning order filling information (service time, service layout, service area, number of identical properties, kitchen cleaning quantity), cleaning order settlement information (order amount, additional amount, discount, voucher amount, payment method, refund amount, penalty), disposable toiletries order information (disposable toiletries filling information, disposable toiletries settlement information), review information, Xiaozhu butler service personnel information. The little pig will store it in an encrypted manner, and the above information belongs to sensitive information,
Piglet will collect your third-party account number, real name, bank account information (deposit bank, bank card type and number, validity period and bank reserved mobile phone number, and other personal information filled in when opening an account) with the third-party payment institutions (including Alipay, WeChat, UnionPay, China Merchants Bank, etc.) associated with the payment method you choose. Piglet will collect and transmit the following information to the third-party payment institutions, including your Piglet user ID, order amount, order number, and order name. The above information is sensitive information,
(9) When you use the cleaning function, Xiaozhu will collect your information, including on-site service order information (contact name, contact phone number, whether there is a smart door lock, guest check-in/check-out time, landlord name, landlord phone number, property address), cleaning order filling information (service time, service layout, service area, number of identical properties, kitchen cleaning quantity), cleaning order settlement information (order amount, additional amount, discount, voucher amount, payment method, refund amount, penalty), disposable toiletries order information (disposable toiletries filling information, disposable toiletries settlement information), review information, Xiaozhu butler service personnel information. Xiaozhu will store the above information in an encrypted manner, and some of the information mentioned above is sensitive. With your explicit consent, Xiaozhu may synchronize the above information with third parties, except for those that cannot be identified or restored due to information processing in accordance with the Personal Information Security Protection Regulations.
(10) When you use the collection and payment functions, Piggy will collect your third-party account number, real name, bank account information (deposit bank, bank card type and card number, validity period and bank reserved mobile phone number, and other personal information filled in when opening an account in the bank) with the third-party payment institution (including Alipay, WeChat, UnionPay, China Merchants Bank, etc.) associated with the payment method you choose. Piggy will collect and transmit the following information to the third-party payment institution, including your Piggy user ID, order amount, order number, and order name. The above information is sensitive information, and both Xiaozhu and third-party payment institutions will transmit and store it in an encrypted manner. With your explicit consent, Xiaozhu may synchronize the above information to a third party, except for situations where information processing cannot identify specific individuals and cannot be restored according to the Personal Information Security Protection Regulations.
Xiaozhu will collect your software installation list to detect whether you have installed WeChat, Weibo, and QQ, thus showing you a third-party quick login portal.
(12) When you use the sharing function, your Android ID and other device information will be collected. Both Xiaozhu and third parties will transmit and store the information in an encrypted manner. Collecting such information is used to provide you with third-party sharing services.
To ensure the implementation of functions related to the Little Pig APP and the safe and stable operation of the application, we may access software development kits (SDKs) provided by third parties to achieve related purposes. For a detailed list of third-party SDKs, collected information, and usage purposes, please refer to:
Accessing third-party SDK directory
2. The situation where your personal information can be collected and used without obtaining your authorization and consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, Xiaozhu may collect and use necessary personal information without your authorization and consent in the following situations:
(1) Related to fulfilling the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations for piglets;
(2) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(5) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
(6) The personal information involved is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(7) Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting and handling product or service failures;
(9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
3. If Xiaozhu uses your personal information beyond the stated purpose and scope of direct or reasonable association at the time of collection, Xiaozhu will inform you again and obtain your explicit consent before using your personal information.
4. Obtaining your personal information from third parties
(1) Third party information "under this agreement refers to the information provided by a third party to Xiaozhu when you register or log in to the platform through a third-party platform or use third-party services in Xiaozhu services.
(2) The third-party services in Xiaozhu's service, such as map services, insurance services, and Sesame Credit services, are provided by external third-party entities. Xiaozhu will obtain necessary information through cooperative interfaces, such as: when you use third-party geographic location services, Xiaozhu will obtain your geographic location information; You agree to access Sesame Credit service when making payment, and Xiaozhu will receive your Sesame Credit score. Except for necessary information, Xiaozhu will not obtain any other non essential information about you from third parties. But you should be aware that Xiaozhu may also transmit some necessary information about you to third parties for retrieving corresponding information, such as: in order to obtain your Sesame Credit score,
Piglet will send your real name and ID number number to Zhima Credit. The above information is sensitive information, and Xiaozhu will obtain your explicit consent and transmit it in an encrypted manner. If you refuse to provide this information, it may prevent you from using the third-party services mentioned above, but it does not affect your normal use of Xiaozhu's functions.
(3) Please note that Xiaozhu may proactively obtain your personal information from third-party partners within the scope permitted by law. These third-party platforms include tourism, accommodation, and travel platforms. If you do not agree to accept this clause, you should immediately terminate the use of all Little Pig services. If you find that Xiaozhu has obtained your personal information from a third party beyond the scope of your authorized consent when providing personal information to the third party, you should immediately report this situation to Xiaozhu or the third party. Xiaozhu will also strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations, make appropriate arrangements, and require third parties to ensure the legality of the information provided.
4、 Storage of personal information
Xiaozhu will store all your personal information within the territory of the People's Republic of China, and will store your personal information for no less than three years. If you have special requirements for storage period or regulatory authorities require the longest storage period, we will comply with your or regulatory authorities' requirements and process the expired personal information in a legal manner while ensuring the security of personal information.
5、 Export of personal information
The personal information collected and generated by Xiaozhu within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. However, as Xiaozhu provides services through global resources and servers, this means that with your authorization and consent, your personal information may be transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country/region where you use the service, or accessed from these jurisdictions. Xiaozhu will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected within the territory of the People's Republic of China.
6、 Regarding the use of cookie technology by Xiaozhu
When you use the web version of the Little Pig service or app, Little Pig sends one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. The website or app can store your preferences and location data, which will help you access the information during subsequent visits and simplify the process of recording your personal information. You have the right to accept or refuse. If you do not wish to accept cookies, please set your web browser or app to turn off accepting cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change the user settings every time you visit our website or app. Please note that when cookies are disabled, you may not be able to fully experience Little Pig's services.
7、 Use of personal information
Generally speaking, Xiaozhu uses your personal information for the following purposes:
1. To provide you with services: Xiaozhu uses your personal data to complete our services to you.
2. Account Management: You can create an account through Xiaozhu, which will use the information you provide to manage your account and provide you with a series of practical functions. You can use your account to perform various operations, such as managing orders, adjusting personal settings, viewing historical order information, order reviews, payment management, etc.
3. Reply to your inquiry and request: Xiaozhu provides 7 * 24-hour customer service to provide assistance when you need it.
4. Marketing activities: After you complete registration and login, Xiaozhu will also use your information for legitimate and legal marketing activities. You can learn about product or service related information through Xiaozhu. If you choose to use our personalized services, we will provide you with personalized recommendations and related promotional activity information that you may be interested in.
5. Contact you: reply to and handle your questions or requests, send information related to the order (such as successful order submission prompts, reminders for unfinished orders to continue, etc.), Xiaozhu may also send you surveys or invite you to provide feedback on Xiaozhu's services.
6. Market research: Xiaozhu sometimes invites you to participate in market research to measure your interest in Xiaozhu's products, services, and website.
7. Enhance the security and reliability of services: Xiaozhu may detect and prevent fraudulent and illegal activities, and use your personal data for risk assessment and security purposes.
8. Data analysis: Xiaozhu may use your order data for analysis to form a user profile, so that we can understand your location, preferences, and demographic information, or match it with data from other sources (including third parties), in order to develop our products, services, or marketing plans and improve our services.
9. Control credit risk: In order to ensure transaction security and control credit risk, Xiaozhu and its affiliated companies and business partners may conduct data analysis on user information and commercially utilize the above analysis results.
10. Daily operations: including but not limited to order management, customer verification, technical support, network maintenance, troubleshooting, internal administrative affairs and internal policies and procedures, generating internal reports, etc.
11. Phone monitoring: Your answering and dialing of Xiaozhu's customer service calls may be recorded, and Xiaozhu may use call recordings to monitor the quality of our customer service, check the accuracy of the information you provide to prevent fraud, or for the purpose of training Xiaozhu's internal personnel. The recording will be automatically deleted after being retained for a period of time, unless it is necessary for the scene to be retained due to compliance requirements or legitimate interests.
12. Fulfilling obligations: Handling insurance claims and payments under relevant policies, handling commissions paid to partners or filing claims or recovering payments for losses caused to service partners.
13. Legal Purpose: Xiaozhu may need to use your information to process and resolve legal disputes, or comply with any laws, regulations, or regulatory documents that are binding on Xiaozhu, in order to cooperate with national departments or regulatory agencies in investigating and complying with legal regulations.
8、 Sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of personal information
1. Sharing
In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, some modules or functions of the products and services provided by Xiaozhu may be provided by authorized third-party partners. Xiaozhu may share some of your personal information with partners to ensure better customer service for you
Service and user experience. Xiaozhu will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. However, regardless of the third-party partner, Xiaozhu will require them to process your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Please be sure to carefully read the third-party partner's Privacy Policy when using the third-party partner's services or functions. If you do not agree with the third-party partner's Privacy Policy, you may stop using the third-party's functions or services, but at the same time, you may not be able to use the products or services provided by Xiaozhu for you. At present, there are several types of third-party partners that cooperate with Xiaozhu:
(1) Suppliers of goods or technical services: including hotels and landlords that meet your booking needs and fulfill the functions of our services.
(2) Financial institutions and third-party payment institutions: When you book an order, apply for a refund, or purchase insurance, Xiaozhu will share specific order information with financial institutions or third-party payment institutions to ensure payment completion.
(3) Business partners: Xiaozhu may work with partners to provide you with products or services, including communication services, customer service, marketing, advertising, technical services, real name authentication services, consulting services, etc., to achieve the core functions of our products or services.
(4) Affiliated companies: Xiaozhu may share your personal information with Xiaozhu's affiliated companies, enabling Xiaozhu to provide you with information related to travel or other products and services. They will take no less stringent protection measures than this privacy policy. The so-called affiliated company refers to any enterprise, organization, or entity in which one party controls, jointly controls, or exerts significant influence over another party, as well as two or more parties that are controlled, jointly controlled, or significantly influenced by the same party. 'Control' refers to the power to directly or indirectly determine the financial and operational policies of an enterprise, and to derive benefits from its business activities, whether through ownership, voting shares, contracts, or other means recognized by the people's court.
If you refuse our partner to collect personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the products and services provided by Xiaozhu through that partner.
(5) Dispute resolution
When you have disputes, complaints or are complained about with other third parties during the use of Xiaozhu services, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you and other parties, maintain a good trading order and trading environment, we will provide your name, valid identification number, contact information, and dispute content to the consumer rights protection department and regulatory department based on the requirements of relevant departments, in order to promptly handle disputes, except for those explicitly prohibited by laws and regulations.
Accessing third-party SDK directory
2. Prohibition of Transfer
Xiaozhu will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Obtaining your explicit consent in advance;
(2) Fulfilling obligations related to laws and regulations;
(3) Directly related to national security, defense security, public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(5) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
(6) The personal information involved is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(7) Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting and handling product or service failures;
(9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
(1) Third party information "under this agreement refers to the information provided by a third party to Xiaozhu when you register or log in to the platform through a third-party platform or use third-party services in Xiaozhu services.
(2) The third-party services in Xiaozhu's service, such as map services, insurance services, and Sesame Credit services, are provided by external third-party entities. Xiaozhu will obtain necessary information through cooperative interfaces, such as: when you use third-party geographic location services, Xiaozhu will obtain your geographic location information; You agree to access Sesame Credit service when making payment, and Xiaozhu will receive your Sesame Credit score. Except for necessary information, Xiaozhu will not obtain any other non essential information about you from third parties. However, you should be clear that Piglet will also transmit some necessary information about you to a third party to retrieve corresponding information. For example, in order to obtain your sesame credit score, Piglet will transmit your real name and ID number to sesame credit. The above information is sensitive information, and Xiaozhu will obtain your explicit consent and transmit it in an encrypted manner. If you refuse to provide this information, it may prevent you from using the third-party services mentioned above, but it does not affect your normal use of Xiaozhu's functions.
(3) Please note that Xiaozhu may proactively obtain your personal information from third-party partners within the scope permitted by law. These third-party platforms include tourism, accommodation, and travel platforms. If you do not agree to accept this clause, you should immediately terminate the use of all Little Pig services. If you find that Xiaozhu has obtained your personal information from a third party beyond the scope of your authorized consent when providing personal information to the third party, you should immediately report this situation to Xiaozhu or the third party. Xiaozhu will also strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations, make appropriate arrangements, and require third parties to ensure the legality of the information provided.
Xiaozhu will store all your personal information within the territory of the People's Republic of China, and will store your personal information for no less than three years.
The personal information collected and generated by Xiaozhu within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. However, as Xiaozhu provides services through global resources and servers, this means that with your authorized consent, your personal information may be transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country/region where you use the service, or accessed from these jurisdictions. Xiaozhu will ensure that your personal information is protected
Obtain sufficient protection within the territory of the People's Republic of China.
You have the right to accept or refuse. If you do not wish to accept cookies, please set your web browser or app to turn off accepting cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change the user settings every time you visit our website or app. Please note that when cookies are disabled, you may not be able to fully experience Little Pig's services
To provide you with services:
Account management:
Reply to your inquiries and requests:
Enhance the security and reliability of services
Control credit risk
There are several types of third-party partners that cooperate with Xiaozhu:
Suppliers of goods or technical services
Financial institutions and third-party payment institutions
Business partners
If you refuse our partner to collect personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the products and services provided by Xiaozhu through that partner.
(5) Dispute resolution
When you have disputes, complaints or are complained about with other third parties during the use of Xiaozhu services, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you and other parties, maintain a good trading order and trading environment, we will provide your name, valid identification number, contact information, and dispute content to the consumer rights protection department and regulatory department based on the requirements of relevant departments, in order to promptly handle disputes, except for those explicitly prohibited by laws and regulations.
Xiaozhu will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Obtaining your explicit consent in advance;
(2) Fulfilling obligations related to laws and regulations;
(3) Directly related to national security, defense security, public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(5) For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
(6) You publicly disclose your personal information on your own or Xiaozhu can obtain it from other legitimate public channels;
(7) If there is a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, it may involve the transfer of personal information. Xiaozhu will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, Xiaozhu will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
3. Publicly disclose information
Xiaozhu will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
(1) With your explicit consent, Xiaozhu will publicly disclose the personal information you have specified.
(2) Based on laws, legal procedures, lawsuits, or mandatory requirements from government authorities, in order to protect national security, public safety, and the significant legitimate rights and interests of you and other individuals, Xiaozhu may disclose your personal information to authorized authorities or the public. But Xiaozhu guarantees that in the event of the above situation, Xiaozhu will require the disclosing party to provide corresponding valid legal documents and take security measures that comply with laws and industry standards for the disclosed information.
9、 User's personal information rights and interests
During your use of Xiaozhu, Xiaozhu guarantees your right to access, correct, delete, revoke your personal information, and cancel your account. You can follow the rules below to operate.
(1) Accessing your personal information
If you have successfully registered/logged in, you will enter the main interface of the product. Tenants can click on "Me" on their PC or app to access or edit basic account information, including frequently used guests, shipping addresses, and invoicing. The landlord clicks on "Me" to enter "My Profile", where they can access or edit basic information such as payment settings, shipping address, invoice issuance, etc.
(2) Delete your personal information
If you have successfully registered/logged in, enter the main interface of the product, click "Me" on the PC or App to enter "My Profile", and perform the operation of deleting personal information.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
① If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
② If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
③ If our handling of your personal information violates our agreement with you;
④ If you no longer use our products and services, or if you cancel your account;
⑤ If we no longer provide our products and services to you.
(3) Correction of personal information
If you have successfully registered/logged in, enter the main page of the product, click "Me" on the PC or App to enter "My Profile" and perform the operation of correcting personal information.
(4) Cancel account
You can call the customer service hotline (400-010-7890) published on the official website of Xiaozhu, follow the voice prompts to go to the customer service manual service, complete the account cancellation after identity verification, or cancel the account in the "My Account" section of the Xiaozhu Homestay app. After canceling your Xiaozhu account, all your information in the account will be cleared, and Xiaozhu will no longer collect, use, or share personal information related to the account. However, you agree and confirm that any information about you that has been recorded before this will still be appropriately retained by Xiaozhu in accordance with the regulatory requirements of relevant network security departments for no less than three years from the date of transaction completion.
(5) Revoke your authorization
You can revoke your authorization by deleting information, disabling device functions, or setting permissions on the Little Pig website or app. You can also revoke all authorization for Xiaozhu to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account.
Xiaozhu will indicate the latest update date and effective date of this privacy policy. But without your consent, Xiaozhu will not reduce the rights you should enjoy in this privacy policy. When the terms of this policy change, Xiaozhu will notify you by email, letter, phone, SMS, announcement, push notification, pop-up or other appropriate forms. Please be sure to check carefully.
10、 Security and Protection of Personal Information
1. Xiaozhu attaches great importance to the security of your personal information and will use data encryption technology and anonymization methods to protect the information you provide. Adopting phase
Security technologies and programs such as malicious code prevention should prevent the loss, theft, or tampering of your personal information, and protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or leakage.
2. Xiaozhu has established specialized management processes and organizations to ensure the security of personal information. Xiaozhu strictly limits the scope of personnel accessing information and requires them to comply with strict confidentiality obligations. In the event of a personal information leakage or other security incident, Xiaozhu will activate emergency plans to prevent the security incident from escalating, and inform you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc.
11、 Revision and update of this privacy policy
Please understand that Xiaozhu may revise this policy as necessary. Xiaozhu will indicate the latest update date and effective date of this privacy policy. But without your consent, Xiaozhu will not reduce the rights you should enjoy in this privacy policy. When the terms of this policy change, Xiaozhu will notify you by email, letter, phone, SMS, announcement, push notification, pop-up or other appropriate forms. Please be sure to check carefully.
12、 How to protect minors
Xiaozhu attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain written consent from your parents or legal guardians before using Xiaozhu services. Xiaozhu will only collect, use, or publicly disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the minor's guardian, or when necessary to protect the minor.
13、 How to contact Xiaozhu
1. If you have any questions, opinions, suggestions or complaints about this privacy policy, please contact us through the following methods:
Customer service hotline: 400 010 7890; Customer service email: srvice@xiaozhu.com .
2. Please specify at least the following in your complaint:
(1) Your Little Pig account, name, contact information, and address;
(2) Your specific complaint request and expected outcome;
(3) Evidence proving that Little Pig's handling of relevant personal information is unreasonable or illegal.
3. Generally, we will reply within 15 working days. If you are dissatisfied with Xiaozhu's handling of the complaint, or if Xiaozhu does not reply to you within a reasonable time, you have the right to file a complaint or report to the relevant regulatory authorities in accordance with applicable laws. However, due to the flaws in the authenticity, validity, and completeness of the above information, it may result in Little Pig being unable to process it in a timely manner. You are exempt from pursuing any losses suffered by Little Pig as a result of the above situation.
Website Introduction About Xiaozhu Contact Us Friendly Link
Legal Agreement Privacy Statement Service Agreement Disclaimer Intellectual Property Statement Entrustment Service Agreement Japanese Standard Residential Accommodation Agency Agreement Payment
Service Rules, Landlord Rules, Landlord Violation Management Measures, Tenant Rules, Little Pig Tenant Check in Safety Notice, Property Online Standard Review Release Rules, Minor Check in Rules, Historical Rules, Little Pig Hotel Business Rules, Little Pig Hotel Specific Dispute Handling Standards
Contact list
No contact
If you have a guest inquiry, you can respond here
System notification
No recent data available
System
Message
Landlord
Rules
New Order Notification!
You Have 0 Pending orders to be confirmed, please process in a timely manner
