1、 Scope of application
2. Please carefully read and fully understand this privacy protection policy agreement before using various products and services of Ping An Health Client. The key content has been highlighted in bold, please pay special attention. After clicking the "confirm" button, this policy constitutes a legally binding document for both parties, which means that you agree to Ping An Health collecting, using, processing, and storing your relevant information in accordance with this policy. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy. If there is any dispute between you and us regarding the content or implementation of this privacy policy, both parties should resolve it through friendly negotiation; If both parties are unable to resolve the dispute through negotiation, they agree to submit the dispute to the people's court with jurisdiction over the location of Ping An Hao Doctor for litigation.
1. This policy is only applicable to the operating subjects of Ping An Good Doctor APP software, Ping An Good Doctor website (www.jk. cn), Ping An Good Doctor WeChat official account, Ping An Good Doctor WeChat applet and other client services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Ping An Health Client") and the possible operating affiliates of Ping An Health client services, specifically referring to Ping An Health Internet Co., Ltd. (registered address: B331, Floor 3, Port Building, Maritime Center, No. 59, Linhai Avenue, Nanshan Street, Qianhai Shenzhen Hong Kong Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen) and its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Ping An Health"). The users who use the aforementioned Ping An health-related client services are referred to as "users" or "you" in this policy.
2. Please carefully read and fully understand this privacy protection policy agreement before using various products and services of Ping An Health Client. The key content has been highlighted in bold, please pay special attention. After clicking the "confirm" button, this policy constitutes a legally binding document for both parties, which means that you agree to Ping An Health collecting, using, processing, and storing your relevant information in accordance with this policy. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 8 of this policy. If there is any dispute between you and us regarding the content or implementation of this privacy policy, both parties should resolve it through friendly negotiation; If both parties are unable to resolve the dispute through negotiation, they agree to submit the dispute to the people's court with jurisdiction over the location of Ping An Hao Doctor for litigation.
3. Ping An Health understands the importance of personal information to you and will do its utmost to protect the security and reliability of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and adhering to the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency. At the same time, Ping An Health promises that we will adopt corresponding security protection measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information.
2、 Catalog
1. How do we collect and use your personal information
2. How do we use cookies and other technologies
3. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
5. Your rights
6. How do we protect the information of minors
7. How to update this policy
8. How to contact us
3、 Specific content of privacy protection policy
How do we collect and use your personal information
(Avatar, nickname, region, and gender information)
We may collect device information when you use Ping An Good Doctor, such as device model, IMSI unique device identifier, device SIM card, operating system, and telecom operator information.
Network log storage, including but not limited to the search keyword information and clicked links you entered, the content and comment information you browsed, the date and time of visit, as well as the webpage records, operating system, software version number, and IP information you requested. During this process, we will collect your browsing history, which includes pharmacy information, drug information, hospital information, department information, doctor information, comments, and health articles that you have browsed. You can delete your browsing history independently.
Keyword information usually cannot individually identify your personal identity, does not belong to your personal information, and is not within the scope of this policy's restrictions. Only when your search keyword information is linked to your other information and can identify your personal identity, during the combined use period, we will treat your search keyword information as your personal information and process and protect it together with your search history in accordance with this policy.
During the consultation process, relevant permissions for mobile phone shooting, reading photo albums, recording, reading external storage, and writing to external storage may be enabled,
We may collect your patient's name, gender, age, and symptoms for the diagnosis of their condition.
We may collect your third-party payment account (such as Alipay account, WeChat payment account or other forms of bank card information) for payment verification. We also need to collect your shipping address information, including the recipient, address, and mobile phone number.
You can register online with Ping An Good Doctor. In the process of using this function, due to the real name system requirements of Internet hospitals, you need to provide your identity information, including name, mobile phone number, ID card number, and some registered hospitals also need to provide the user's region and detailed address information.
We may collect your location information and also need to collect your shipping address information, including recipient, address, and mobile phone number.
The permission to read and receive mobile text messages.
The information we need to collect includes your device information, browser model, log information, and browsing history.
Read and write to external storage, unique device identifier
Hardware model, operating system version number, international mobile device identification code, unique device identifier, network device hardware address, IP address, WLAN access point, Bluetooth, base station, software version number, network access method, type, status, network quality data, operation, usage, service logs.
Process information, overall operation of the application
Behavior, usage and frequency, application crash situation, overall installation and usage situation, performance data, application source.
Account information, device information, service log information, and information that our affiliated companies and partners can share with your authorization or in accordance with the law, are used to determine account security, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents.
When we use information for purposes not specified in this policy, we will seek your consent in advance.
When we want to use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance.
2. How do we use cookies and other technologies
3. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
Special reminder: If the information cannot be individually or in combination with other information to identify your personal identity, it does not belong to your personal information in the legal sense; When your information can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify your personal identity, or when we combine data that cannot be linked to any specific personal information with other personal information, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy during the period of combined use.
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
5. Your rights
6. How do we protect the information of minors
7. How to update this policy
Please note that we will only collect, use, process, and store your personal information in accordance with the revised "Ping An Hao Doctor Client Privacy Protection Policy" after you confirm it; You can choose not to agree with the revised Privacy Protection Policy of Ping An Good Doctor Client, but it may result in you being unable to use some of the product and service functions of Ping An Health Client.
8. How to contact us
Phone: 400-866-5858
