My Cloud Study Room
My order
Shopping Cart
Silver Bell Redemption
My collection
My balance
My comment
Gift vouchers/gift cards
Dangdang group buying
Novel submission
Enterprise/Pavilion Configuration
Gift card procurement
Gift card activation
Gift card usage
Distribution/Recommended Purchase
Gift Card Zone
Help Center
Self service returns and exchanges
Self service invoice
Contact customer service
I want to file a complaint
All categories
Tail product collection
books
e-book
Audiovisual
Movies
Fashion beauty
Maternal and child products
Toys
Maternity and baby clothing
Children's clothing and shoes
Home daily use
Furniture Decoration
clothing
shoes
Bags & Accessories
Watch accessories
Sports Outdoor
Automobile
food
Mobile communication
Digital audio and video
Computer office
Large household appliances
Household Electric Appliances
Hot search: New concepts of subject enlightenment, English, not disappointing parents, night travelers, investment tips, 9.9 yuan free shipping
Shopping cart 0
My order
All product categories
books
e-book
Children's clothing and shoes
Women's clothing
food
Mother and baby toys
Books, children's books
e-book
Creative Stationery
Clothing and underwear
Shoes and Boots
Sports Outdoor
Pregnancy, infancy, and childhood
Home furnishings, home textiles, automobiles
Furniture, home decoration, health and wellness
Personal care, cleaning
Food, tea and wine
Jewellery Accessories
Mobile, digital, computer office
Household Electric Appliances
Dangdang gift cards, lifestyle services
Children's Book List
Hot selling women's clothing
Men's Wear
Children's clothing
Sports Outdoor
canvas shoe
Bags & Accessories
Powdered Milk
Beauty Makeup
Toy stroller
Electronic education
Your current location: Dangdang>Help Center>My Dangdang>Dangdang Privacy Policy
common problem
Account category
Security and fraud prevention
Security and fraud prevention
Shopping Directory
Shopping process
Retrieve password
Promotion Description
Gift packaging service
Order status description
Split order instructions
Invoice system
Member discounts
Mobile Dangdang
Enterprise Sales
Transaction terms
Shopping Guarantee
Merchant Product Shopping Guide
Delivery service
Delivery service inquiry
Same day delivery
Arrived the next day
Overseas, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan delivery
Fengchao self pickup cabinet
Order and package delivery
Appointment for delivery
Inspection Standard 
Evening delivery
Express delivery instructions and shipping fee rules
payment method
Online payment
Others pay on behalf of others
bank transfer
Gift card payment
Gift vouchers
Account balance utilization and withdrawal
Check payment
Book delivery code
Dangdang V Card
Discount code
after-sale service
Return and exchange service
Refund method and time
Price protection
My Dangdang
My order
My collection
My silver bell
Book/unsubscribe email SMS
Security Center
My comment
my bookshelf 
My Q&A
My message board
Community Terms
Dangdang Privacy Protection Terms
Other business descriptions
e-book
Overseas purchasing services
Trade in old for new
Energy saving subsidy
Reading touchscreen version
Dangdang Reader
Account cancellation instructions
User Agreement
Popular searches:
Dangdang Privacy Protection Terms
Overseas purchasing services
Reading touchscreen version
Dangdang Reader
Account cancellation instructions
Update Date: February 9th, 2023
Update: Dear Dangdang users, we have updated the "Dangdang Basic Function Privacy Policy", with a focus on adjusting the display content of the privacy policy to facilitate your understanding of how we collect and use your personal information.
introduction
Dangdang website: refers to the Dangdang website (domain name dangdang. com) and Dangdang client.
Application type: Online shopping category
Basic function: Provide purchasing services for goods
Dangdang attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal information. We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality, and necessity to collect and use relevant personal information for the purposes described in this policy. At the same time, we promise to take corresponding security measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information. Please carefully read this privacy policy and understand our rules for handling your personal information before using our services. You agree that this privacy policy only represents your knowledge and consent to the collection and processing of necessary information related to the use of online shopping functions. It does not mean that you agree to our collection and processing of non essential personal information. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can consult us through the contact information published below.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
How do we collect your personal information
How we use your personal information
How do we protect and store your personal information
How do you manage personal information
Protection of Personal Information of Minors
Scope of Application of Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Revision
How to contact us
1、 How do we collect your personal information
Our basic functions include: account registration/login, display of product/service information, ordering, payment, delivery of products/services, customer service and after-sales. In the process of using the above functions, we will collect and use the following information related to you. If you do not provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and services normally. These features include:
（1） Basic functions and collection of personal information for use
1. Account registration/login
When you register for a Dangdang account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number, and we will verify your identity by sending a SMS verification code, identifying and displaying the corresponding carrier through SIM card information. Your account name is your default nickname, and you can modify and supplement your nickname as well as your real name authentication related information, all of which belong to your "account information". After registration is completed, you can choose to use Dangdang account information or authorize us to obtain your third-party account information for login. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to log in and use our products and services. At this time, you can use the browsing and search functions, and we will not collect your personal information as mentioned above.
2. Product/Service Information Display
In order to display products or services to you, we will collect your device information (including device model/device name/Android ID/IDFA/OAID) to sort the corresponding product or service content and adapt it to your device interface. In order to provide you with search history, browsing history, favorite products, followed stores, shopping carts, or order product displays, we will collect your browsing information, search history, favorite records, follow records, add in information, and order information. We will analyze your preference characteristics based on the aforementioned information and recommend possible recommendations to you
Products or services of interest, commercial advertisements, commercial text messages, and other marketing information. The personalized recommended products are mainly located in the "Recommended for You" module on pages such as the bottom of the Dangdang client homepage, the bottom of My Dangdang, and the bottom of the Member Center. If you do not want us to push personalized products or services to you, you can set it in "My Settings Privacy Settings Commercial SMS/Personalized Push Switch".
3. Order function
When you choose to settle for a product or service, Dangdang will generate an order for you to purchase that product or service. You need to fill in at least your recipient's name, shipping address, and mobile phone number in the order. The order will also include the order number, information about the goods or services you purchased, the amount of payment you should make, and the payment method. If you need to issue an invoice, you also need to provide the invoice header, taxpayer identification number, and the phone number that accepts the invoice. All the above information constitutes your "order information", and we will use your order information for identity verification, transaction confirmation, payment settlement, delivery completion, and provide order inquiry, customer service consultation, and after-sales service. We will also use your order information to determine if there are any abnormalities in your transaction to protect your transaction security.
4. Payment function
After placing your order, you can choose payment services provided by third-party payment institutions that cooperate with Dangdang. We need to share your Dangdang order number and transaction amount information with these payment institutions to complete the payment function. To understand your payment progress and status, we will collect corresponding payment information from the payment institution you have chosen, including payment time, payment method, and payment amount.
5. Delivery function of goods/services
After you place an order, we will share your order information with Dangdang's affiliates or third-party delivery companies (hereinafter referred to as "delivery companies") that cooperate with Dangdang to complete the delivery of your order. You acknowledge and agree that Dangdang's affiliates or third-party delivery companies cooperating with Dangdang will use your order information during the above process to ensure the safe delivery of the goods you ordered. Our delivery personnel will assist you in completing real name authentication when providing delivery services based on certain business scenarios or legal requirements.
6. Customer service and after-sales functions
Our telephone customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information and order information. To ensure the security of your account, our call center customer service and online customer service will use your account information to verify your identity. When you need us to provide pre-sales consultation or after-sales service related to your order, we will check your browsing history or order information. When you apply for a refund or return, we need to collect your contact person, contact information, and return address to ensure the completion of the corresponding after-sales service. In addition, in certain special situations where you communicate with our customer service personnel, you may be asked to provide additional information beyond the above, such as requesting us to change the order delivery address, recipient, or phone number.
（2） Other additional features and collection of personal information for use
In order to make your shopping more convenient or enjoyable, and enhance your shopping experience at Dangdang, we need access to your system permissions to collect and use the necessary personal information. By granting these permissions, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information for additional functions. If you do not grant these permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions. However, you may not be able to enjoy the shopping experience brought by these extended services or may need to repeatedly fill in some information when purchasing certain products. For the permissions we need to apply for and the corresponding purposes of using personal information, please refer to this document. You can also make sub settings through "My Settings Privacy Settings".
（3） Based on the need to fully provide you with our products/services, your personal information may be shared with third parties. We will protect the security of the personal information you provide in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, adopt security technology measures that comply with industry standards, and are reasonable and feasible. The content of personal information collected by third-party SDKs
See here for details
2、 How we use your personal information
We will use the personal information collected based on the content of our privacy policy and the needs of implementing our product functions. We will comply with relevant laws and regulations, and only transfer your personal information to third-party cooperating institutions, organizations, and individuals with your explicit authorization.
（1） The use of cookies
When you use our products or services, the system may automatically record certain information through cookies or other means, including device information (device model/device name/Android ID/IDFA/OAID), IP address, product usage (usage duration, reading history, reading duration, browsing information, search history); We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services:
(1) Ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services;
(2) Helping you gain a more relaxed access experience, using such technology can help you save the steps and processes of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering search content;
(3) Recommend, showcase, and recommend content that may interest you. Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data, and you can perform the corresponding data clearing operation in the browser settings. You can also clear all cached data saved within the software. If you do so, you may not be able to use the corresponding services or functions that rely on cookies.
（2） How do we provide your personal information to external parties
Sharing with affiliated companies: In order for us to provide services to you based on our affiliated accounts, with your consent, your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies (for example, we may associate your account information with Dangdang Cloud Reading so that you can directly log in to Dangdang Cloud Reading Client using your Dangdang client account);
Information sharing when delivering product or service functions: After you place an order, Dangdang's affiliates or third-party delivery companies that cooperate with Dangdang will complete the delivery of your order. You acknowledge and agree that Dangdang's affiliates or third-party delivery companies cooperating with Dangdang will use your order information during the above process to ensure the safe delivery of the goods you ordered;
3. Goods or technical services
Supplier: We may share your personal information with third parties who support our functionality. These supports include: supplying our products, providing technical services, logistics and distribution services, payment services, data processing, etc. Our purpose of sharing this information is to achieve the core functions of our products and services, such as sharing your order information with logistics service providers in order to arrange delivery; We must share your order number and order amount with third-party payment institutions to complete payments, etc.
4. Sharing with third-party merchants: We must share your order and transaction information with third-party merchants to fulfill your purchasing needs for goods or services and ensure that merchants complete after-sales services;
Except for situations where you explicitly agree to authorization, we do not require your authorization to collect and use your personal information in the following situations, and we may not respond to your requests for correction/modification, deletion, cancellation, withdrawal of consent, or request for information:
(1) Related to national security and defense security;
(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
(5) Necessary for signing and fulfilling relevant agreements or other written documents with you;
(6) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products and/or services, such as detecting and handling product and/or service failures;
(7) Necessary for legitimate news reporting;
(8) Academic research institutions conduct statistical or academic research necessary for the public interest, and when providing results of academic research or descriptions to external parties, they de identify the personal information contained in the results;
(9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please be informed that, in accordance with applicable laws, if we take technical and other necessary measures to process personal information that makes it impossible for the data recipient to re identify specific individuals and cannot be restored, or conduct de identification research, statistical analysis, and prediction on the collected information to improve the content and layout of Dangdang, provide product or service support for business decision-making (including using anonymous data for machine learning or model algorithm training), the use of such processed data does not require further notice to you and your consent.
3、 How do we protect and store your personal information
We provide corresponding security measures for your information to prevent its loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure;
We strictly abide by laws and regulations to protect users' communication secrets, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information, avoiding data damage or loss. The platform will use security technologies and programs to monitor, record network operation status, network security incidents, and take necessary technical measures to ensure network security. We strictly limit the scope of personnel accessing information, require them to comply with confidentiality obligations, and conduct reviews;
3. Some personal information may be considered sensitive due to its specificity, such as your identity information, transaction information, minor information, biometric features, medical and health care, financial accounts, personal movements, and other sensitive information. Compared to other personal information, the collection and use of sensitive personal information will be more strict, requiring users' explicit consent item by item, and will be subject to stricter protection;
4. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that unrelated personal information is not collected. We will store user personal information collected within China in accordance with laws and regulations. We will only retain your personal information within the period specified by laws and regulations or as required to achieve the purposes stated in this agreement, except in cases where the retention period is allowed to be extended by law. After exceeding the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with legal requirements. Unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations, when you revoke authorization, cancel your account, or request the deletion of relevant information, we will cease to use and delete the aforementioned information.
4、 How do you manage personal information
We attach great importance to your management of personal information and make every effort to protect your rights to access, modify, delete, and withdraw consent to your personal information. The right to file complaints and reports, as well as to set privacy features, to enable you to safeguard your privacy and security. You will enjoy the following rights, including but not limited to:
（1） Accessing, correcting, and deleting your personal information
Except as provided by laws and regulations, you have the right to access and correct your personal information at any time. Specifically, it includes:
Account information: PC path: Go to the website - click on "My Dangdang" - click on the "Personal Information" menu, you can edit account information such as avatar and nickname; Click on "Security Center" in "My Dangdang" to change your login password, bind your phone number and other personal information. Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click on "My" to enter the personal homepage - click on "Settings" in the upper right corner to enter account settings, click on avatar or account nickname to enter the personal information page, where you can edit account information such as avatar and nickname; On the settings page, click on "Security Center" to modify your login password, bind your phone number, and other personal information.
Delivery information: PC path: Go to the website - click on "My Dangdang" - click on the "Delivery Address" menu, you can add, change, or delete your delivery address information (including recipient name, delivery address, recipient's phone number or email) at any time. Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click "My" to enter the personal homepage - click "Settings" in the upper right corner to enter account settings - click "Shipping Address" to enter the address management page.
Order information: PC path: Go to the website - click on "My Dangdang" - click on "My Orders" to enter order management, where you can view all orders. Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click "My" to enter the personal homepage - click "All Orders" to enter order management. You can choose to delete completed orders, but this may make it difficult for us to accurately determine your order and provide corresponding after-sales service.
2. Delivery information: PC path: Go to the website - click on "My Dangdang" - click on the "Delivery Address" menu, you can go anytime
Add, change, or delete your shipping address information (including recipient name, shipping address, recipient's phone number or email). Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click "My" to enter the personal homepage - click "Settings" in the upper right corner to enter account settings - click "Shipping Address" to enter the address management page.
3. Order information: PC path: Go to the website - click on "My Dangdang" - click on "My Orders" to enter order management, where you can view all orders. Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click "My" to enter the personal homepage - click "All Orders" to enter order management. You can choose to delete completed orders, but this may make it difficult for us to accurately determine your order and provide corresponding after-sales service.
Browse information: Mobile path: You can access or clear your search history and browsing history. The specific path is: Go to the homepage - click on the search box - recent searches, you can view and delete search records; Click on "My" - click on "Browse History", you can view and delete browsing history.
Comment information: PC path: Go to the website - click on "My Dangdang" - click on "My Comment". Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click on "My" - click on "Pending Review" to enter the review center.
（2） You can also request the deletion of personal information from us in the following situations:
If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
If we terminate our services and operations.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or if these entities have obtained your independent authorization. When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete this information when the backup is updated.
（3） Change the scope of your authorization or revoke your authorization
You can change or revoke your authorization through the following path:
End path: Go to the website - enter "My Dangdang" - click on the "Security Center" menu in "Personal Center";
Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click on "My" - click on the settings in the upper right corner - click on "Privacy Permission Settings".
Please note that by enabling any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information. Once you disable any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. You can also revoke all authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account. Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. When you revoke your authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the revocation of authorization, nor will we process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
（4） Cancel account
You can cancel your account information through the following channels:
Mobile path: Go to the homepage - click on "My" - click on "Settings" in the upper right corner - click on "Security Center", or contact manual customer service through "My Customer Service" - online customer service, or call customer service at 4001066666/0527-80878888 to cancel the account. Customer service will review within three working days, and after the review is completed, the system will cancel the account. Please note that once you cancel your Dangdang shopping account, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws.
5、 Protection of Personal Information of Minors
Dangdang attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the consent of your parents or guardians before using our products or services. We recommend that you seek the consent and guidance of your parents or guardians before submitting personal information. We will only use, share, or disclose personal information of minors collected with the consent of parents or guardians for the use of our products or services, as permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of parents/guardians, or as necessary to protect minors.
6、 Scope of Application of Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy applies to all services provided by Beijing Dangdang Kewen E-commerce Co., Ltd., the service provider of Dangdang Network, and its affiliated companies. Affiliated companies refer to any companies or legal institutions that a party currently or in the future controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, except for services that have a separate privacy policy and are not included in this privacy policy. Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to the following situations:
Information collected through third-party services (including any third-party websites) accessed through our application;
Information collected through other companies or institutions that provide advertising services in our services;
Due to the use of third-party services or devices by users, user information may be disclosed to third parties through other means. Users need to understand the relevant terms of third-party user information protection on their own.
7、 Privacy Policy Revision
This privacy policy may be changed, but we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. We will release updated versions on Dangdang website and Dangdang shopping app, and remind you of the updates through website announcements or other forms before they take effect. Please carefully read the updated privacy policy. If you continue to use Dangdang's services, you agree that we will collect and process your personal information in accordance with the updated privacy policy. We will also archive older versions of this privacy policy, which can be viewed by clicking on the link at the end of the article.
8、 How to contact us
If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us by calling our customer service hotline, logging into our website (www.dangdang. com), or other means, and we will respond promptly. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also contact the law in Chaoyang District, Beijing, where the service provider is located, which has jurisdiction
The court filed a lawsuit to resolve the issue.
Location of Dangdang Service Provider: 21st Floor, Jing'an Center, No. 8 North Third Ring East Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
Intelligent customer service path: My - Customer Service (floating layer button at the bottom right of the page)
Online customer service hotline: 400-106-6666
Note: This privacy policy was updated on February 9, 2023. Click to view the old version of the Privacy Policy.
Has the above content solved your problem?
Yes, it has been resolved
No, not yet resolved
common problem
Legitimate channels guarantee genuine products
Next day delivery to 150 cities
Home return, exchange and shopping worry free
Shopping process
Invoice system
Service Agreement
Member discounts
Online payment
Gift card payment
Bank transfer
Gift voucher payment
Delivery service inquiry
Order status description
Self service cancellation of orders
Self service order modification
Same day delivery
Arrived the next day
Order self pickup
Inspection and signing for goods
Return and exchange service inquiry
Self service application for return and exchange of goods
Return and exchange progress inquiry
Refund method and time
Merchant Center
Operations Services
ABCDEFG
HIJKLMN
OPQRSTU
VWXYZ0-9
Copyright 2004-2021 Dangdang All Rights Reserved | Beijing ICP Registration No. 17043473-1 Beijing ICP Certificate No. 041189 | Publication Business License New Departure Beijing Approval No. Zhi0673
advertisement
