Privacy Policy
Updated on: 202
Effective Date: 202
[Special Reminder]
Micro medicine
Micro medical platform ", including micro medical
, micro medical health platform applet and other client applications that can realize all or part of their functions, such as official account) to provide users ("you") with various products or services
If a certain micro medical service has separate personal information processing rules, the separate rules shall prevail. The content not covered by the rules shall be subject to the content of this policy, but this policy does not apply to the behavior of processing your information through third-party access to the micro medical platform.
Micro medical service provider/us: Hangzhou Micro medical Health Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address: Room 1807, Floor 18, Building 3, No. 371, Mingxing Road, Xiaoshan Economic and Technological Development Zone, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province) and Registered Network (Hangzhou) Technology Co., Ltd., as well as Internet hospitals or medical institutions with Internet diagnosis and treatment qualifications that are set up by Micro medical in China, access to the Micro medical platform and provide Internet diagnosis and treatment services through the Micro medical platform according to policies and regulations, including but not limited to Wuzhen Internet Hospital (i.e. Wuzhen Internet Hospital (Tongxiang) Co., Ltd.), Tianjin Micro medical Internet Hospital, etc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "we"). The corresponding contact information is "How to contact us" shall prevail. Hangzhou Micro Medical Health Technology Co., Ltd. and Registration Network (Hangzhou) Technology Co., Ltd. only form a common personal information processor for your personal information with the Internet hospital disclosed on the service page when you receive the diagnosis and treatment services of the corresponding Internet hospital through the micro medical platform.
Related companies refer to entities established or operated by WeDoctor Holdings Limited in China, including companies directly or indirectly controlled by WeDoctor Holdings Limited, enterprises in which WeDoctor Holdings Limited holds shares or forms agreement arrangements, and enterprises with related relationships in which WeDoctor Holdings Limited holds shares or forms operations or collaborations.
Careful reading and signing actions
Before registering and logging into the Weiyi platform, please read this policy carefully and fully understand the contents of each clause, especially the clauses that exempt or limit our liability and the clauses marked in bold. You acknowledge and confirm that by voluntarily choosing to agree (such as by checking or clicking "agree") to this policy and using the Weiyi platform, you agree to our processing of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
[Key points of this policy]
[Key points of this policy] You can learn about our handling of users' personal information and the relevant rights you enjoy through the "Privacy Policy". The following are the key points of this policy, please read them carefully:
To provide you with online consultation, health consultation and other services, we will process necessary information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
2. Based on your explicit authorization, we may apply to enable your device's location, camera, network, microphone, and other permissions. You have the right to refuse or cancel the authorization.
3. You can access, copy, correct, delete your personal information, or designate us to transfer your personal information to third parties under legal conditions. You can also withdraw your consent, cancel your account, file complaints, and adjust other privacy settings.
4. We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards to protect your personal information.
5. If you are a minor, please read this policy carefully with your guardian and use our services or provide personal information to us with their authorization and consent.
If you would like to learn more detailed information, please read the following:
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
2、 How do we store your personal information
3、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
4、 How do we transfer your personal information
5、 How third-party products or services can obtain your personal information
6、 How do we protect your personal information
7、 How do you manage your personal information
8、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
9、 How to update this policy
10、 How to contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
When you use WeChat medical services, the personal information we need/may need to collect and use includes the following two types:
To achieve the basic function of providing you with micro medical services, you need to authorize us to collect and use necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use the WeChat medical service normally.
2. In order to provide you with additional functions of micro medical services, you can choose whether to authorize us to collect and use personal information. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the relevant additional features normally or achieve the intended functional effects.
We will collect and use your personal information to achieve the following functions described in this policy:
（1） How do we collect your personal information
During your use of the Weiyi platform, we will collect your personal information in the following manner:
1. Complete registration and complete information
When you register for a WeChat medical platform account, you need to provide your mobile phone number and verification code. The legal basis for us to collect this information from you is necessary to fulfill the service agreement we have entered into with you, in order to create an account and provide services for you.
If you use a third-party account (such as WeChat, QQ, AppleID) to log in to the Weiyi platform, we will collect your registration information through the third party, such as your third-party account Open ID, UnionID, avatar, nickname, and other information prompted on the login page. At the same time, we will also collect your phone number to generate your Weiyi platform account. The legal basis for collecting the above information from you is based on your consent to create an account and provide services for you.
We provide automatic registration services for third-party member users who cooperate with us. If you authorize a third party to register a WeChat medical platform account for you, we will collect your mobile phone number through the third party to verify your membership identity, create an account for you, and provide services.
If the above registration information is not provided, you can still use public services such as browsing and searching, but you cannot use services that require registration as a user of the Weiyi platform.
You can change or improve your account information by providing your account avatar, nickname, password, and bound phone number. We collect
The legal basis for this type of information is based on your consent to assist you in improving your account information.
2. Real person authentication
Types of identity documents (such as ID card, passport, home visit permit, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan resident residence permit, Hong Kong ID card, Macao ID card, Taiwan Mainland Communication Card), identity document information
ID number, ID start date and expiration date, address
Consultation and Health Management
ID card number
Personal health and physiological information such as fertility information, diagnosis of diseases or symptoms, examination and testing reports, medication records, past medical history, family medical history, allergy history, as well as height and weight information related to personal physical health status
Before providing the aforementioned personal information of the actual user, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorization and consent. If it involves personal information of a child, you need to obtain the consent of the child's guardian before providing it.
Inspection and testing services
ID card number, marital status, physical examination date, physical examination items
Inspection results and summary of physical examination
The legal basis for collecting the above information is based on the fulfillment of the service agreement with you, which is necessary for you to make appointments for physical examination projects through the Weiyi platform, and to view physical examination appointment records and reports. If we do not collect such information, we will not be able to provide you with medical examination services, but it will not affect your use of other services.
Specialized disease management
Diagnosis of diseases or symptoms, examination and testing reports, medication records, past medical history, family medical history, allergy history, and other personal health and physiological information,
The device collects your health and physiological information, such as blood glucose levels, blood oxygen levels, blood pressure, blood lipids, as well as your exercise heart rate and step count
Membership Services
When you open a WeChat medical member, we need to collect your name, gender, age, mobile phone number, and the identity information of the patient you need to bind (name, ID card number). If your WeChat membership service is purchased by a third-party entity (such as a bank or insurance company that serves you) that provides services for you, we will also collect your authorized information and membership benefits information purchased for you from such third-party entity. The legal basis for collecting the above information is based on the fulfillment of the service agreement with you, in order to verify your membership status and rights, and provide you with exclusive services as a member of MicroDoctor.
When you actually use member exclusive services, such as Critical Illness Green Pass, we will also collect your offline diagnosis and treatment information (including your first visit time at the offline hospital, first visit hospital, first visit department, first visit result, whether you hold a hospitalization notice for the intended hospital, whether the hospitalization notice has been submitted, the time of issuance of the hospitalization notice, ward, outpatient doctor name), the intended hospital, department, doctor, and appointment date. If we do not collect such information, we will not be able to provide you with relevant membership or exclusive services, but it will not affect your use of other services.
Health recorders and health records
Medication prescription, doctor's diagnosis, hospitalization record, medical advice
Public release of evaluation information
You can publicly post information through the evaluation function we provide for you, and we will collect the evaluation information you actively post. The legal basis for collecting the above information is based on the fulfillment of the service agreement with you, which is necessary for you to publish your evaluation in the information disclosure area.
Please note that the information you publicly release may involve personal information or even sensitive personal information of yourself or others, such as uploading images containing personal information when evaluating. Please carefully consider whether to publicly disclose relevant information when using Weiyi's services. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of children, you need to obtain the consent of the child's guardian before publishing.
Points and Coupons
When you use the points and gift voucher function, we need to collect the quantity, type, validity period, usage status, and mobile phone number of your points and gift vouchers. The legal basis for collecting the above information is based on the fulfillment of the service agreement with you, which is necessary for you to obtain, query, and use the points and coupons we issue to you. If we do not collect such information, we will not be able to provide you with points and coupon services, but it will not affect your use of other services.
Shopping and delivery
Transaction information and records
Points and coupons used, order amount
Medication prescription (including ID card number, chief complaint, diagnosis, current medical history, past history, allergy history, current medical history)
Complete payment
When you pay for goods or services, we need to collect your order number, payment completion status, payment status, and payment time (such as order creation time, payment completion time, cancellation time, or refund time).
Medical insurance card number, mobile phone number bound to medical insurance card
Policy information (including
: policyholder's name, mobile phone number, identification number, insured's name, mobile phone number, identification number, and policy number)
Your illness and consultation
Purchase records and prescriptions (if any)
The legal basis for us to collect and share the above information is based on fulfilling legal obligations and the service agreement we have entered into with you, in order to assist you in smoothly completing the payment and settlement of the ordered goods and service fees. If we do not collect such information, we will not be able to provide you with payment services, but it will not affect your use of other services.
Information display and search
To show you the doctors of the first practicing hospital located in your local area, we need to collect your geographical location information. Our legal basis for collecting this information is based on your consent and authorization. If we do not collect this type of information, we will not be able to display the location of the first practicing hospital to doctors in your area, but it will not affect your use of other services.
To adapt to the device you are using and provide you with the best way to display and search information, we need to collect your operating system information, IP address, and log information (including your search history, IP address, and access history). Our legal basis for collecting such information is based on the performance of the service agreement we have entered into with you, and the display of information and search results to you. If we do not collect such information, we will not be able to provide information display and search services that are suitable for your device.
Browse history, search history
Historical consultation, personal health and physiological information
Service log information
Personalized content and retrieval algorithms will predict your preferences based on models, matching you with products, services, or other information that you may be interested in
Sort products, services, or other information. We will provide real-time feedback on the recommendation model based on your browsing behavior during use, and continuously adjust and optimize the recommendation results. To meet your diverse needs, we will introduce diversified recommendation techniques in the sorting process to expand the recommended content and avoid excessive concentration of similar content.
If you do not wish to be influenced by personalized content or receive commercial advertisements, you can withdraw your consent through the following methods:
(1) If you want to delete your browsing and search history, you can click on the "search box" and click on the trash icon next to "search history";
(2) If you do not want to accept the commercial advertisements we send you, you can reply to unsubscribe through mobile message prompts, close the message prompts on the Weiyi platform, or unsubscribe or close through other methods we provide;
(3) If you do not want us to display personalized content for you, you can adjust it in "Settings - Privacy Settings". Please be informed that if you turn off the personalized display function, the number of ads you see will not decrease, but the relevance of the ads will decrease.
Customer Service
Communication/call records
Ensure functional operation and risk control services
In order to ensure your normal use of the services provided by us, our affiliated companies and partners, maintain the normal operation of the basic functions of our system, intercept phishing websites, fraud, prevent network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion, improve and optimize our service experience, and ensure the security of your account, we need to integrate your basic personal information (name, ID card number, mobile phone number, gender, age), personal physical health information (past medical history, medication records, weight) that we have legally collected according to this privacy policy, and collect, use or integrate your network identity information (BSSID, DNS address, IP address, SSID, proxy information, network type, network name, mask information), personal common device information (IMEI, IMSI, device ID, MAC address IDFA、IDFV、AndroidId、MCC、MNC、UUID、 Standard country code, operating system information, cookie activation status, gravity sensor, gyroscope sensor, acceleration sensor, installed application list), location information (latitude and longitude), as well as information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or shared in accordance with the law. The legal basis for our collection of the above information is based on legal obligations and the necessary fulfillment of the service agreement with you, in order to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent account security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law. If such information is not collected, you will not be able to use the Weiyi platform and the corresponding services provided by the Weiyi platform.
（2） Equipment permission calling situation
Please be informed that we will not grant you device permissions by default. The Weiyi platform may only collect your information through device permissions if you actively confirm activation.
Device permissions
Purpose of calling permissions
Do you want to inquire
Can users disable permissions
position
Provide and optimize services based on the user's current location, such as information display and recommendation
Inquire upon first use
camera
Scan QR code, take and upload photos (if using online customer service function), video consultation
Inquire upon first use
notice
Receive various types of messages such as consultation and payment results
Ask when opening for the first time
network
Connect to the network
Ask when opening for the first time
storage
Writing and storing user information, storing logs and other information, uploading and saving photos, video files, and sending recordings (such as when using online customer service functions)
Ask when opening for the first time
Microphone
Video consultation, follow-up, sending recordings (such as during online customer service), etc
Inquire before using the corresponding service
Phone status
Read the local identification code to ensure the security of your account and usage
Ask when opening for the first time
Get the current running application
Read the current or recently running applications on the local machine for message push
Inquire during in app message push
Retrieve the list of installed application software
Assist you in completing off-site sharing, provide risk identification and fraud prevention risk control services
Inquiry during account registration, login, and use of important business functions
Cutting board
Based on your active selection, use the clipboard function to assist your operations, use the paste function to intelligently fill in address information, and quickly share graphic and textual information with one click copying
There is a response prompt when calling the iOS system
Sports and Health (Sensors)
According to your active selection, use the exercise step recording function
Inquire when using the corresponding service
If you wish to disable the permission after granting it for the first time, you can choose to disable the permission in the device's settings function to refuse us from collecting the corresponding personal information. However, please be aware that the Weiyi platform may require partial permissions to be enabled and necessary personal information to be collected in order to achieve this. When you disable some device permissions, we will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services.
According to the upgrade of products/services, the types and purposes of permission applications and usage may change. We will adjust the list in a timely manner based on these changes to ensure that you are informed of the application and usage of permissions in a timely manner.
Please be informed that for the functionality and security needs of our business and products/services, we may also use third-party SDKs, which may also apply for or use relevant operating system permissions.
In the process of using our products/services, you may use H5 pages or mini programs developed by third parties, and these third-party developed plugins or mini programs may also apply for or use relevant operating system permissions as necessary for business functions.
（3） How we use your personal information
We will use the collected personal information in accordance with the provisions of this policy and to achieve our service objectives.
All personal information you provide when using our services will continue to authorize us to use it during your use of our services, unless you delete it or refuse our collection through system settings
3. We will conduct statistics on the usage of the services we provide and may share this statistical information with the public or third parties for purposes such as product development, service optimization, security, data analysis, etc. But these statistical information do not include any of your identification information.
4. According to the phase
According to relevant laws and regulations, collecting and using your personal information in the following situations does not require your authorization and consent:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other actions for the public interest, and to process your personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope in accordance with legal provisions;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
（4） Other rules
1. If the information you provide contains personal information of others when using WeChat medical services, you should ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing us with this personal information. If it involves personal information of children, you need to obtain the consent of the corresponding child guardian before publishing. In the above situation, the guardian has the right to contact us through the channels stipulated in this policy and request us to correct or delete the content involving children's personal information.
2. When we use your personal information for purposes not specified in this policy, or when information collected for specific purposes is used for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance. However, if there are other legitimate reasons, we do not need to seek your consent according to law.
2、 How do we store your personal information
1. We will keep your personal information for the shortest retention period required by the purposes stated in this policy and legal regulations. After the aforementioned period expires or you cancel your WeChat account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or authorized by you.
2. Personal information collected and generated during our operations within China will be stored within China; If we need to provide personal information overseas, we will act in accordance with the legal requirements regarding the export of personal information.
3、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
1. How do we use cookies
(1) By using cookies, we provide you with a secure and personalized service experience. We and third-party partners may store cookies, Flash cookies, or other local storage typically containing identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters provided by browsers (or associated applications) on your device (collectively referred to as "cookies"). We and our third-party partners may collect your information through cookies and use it for the following purposes:
Security cookies: Cookies can help us ensure the safe and efficient operation of our products and services.
Recommended Cookies: Cookies can help us recommend, display, and push content that may be of interest to you.
(2) Third party partners who collect and use your information through cookies are not bound by this policy, but by their own information protection statements. We are not responsible for third-party cookies or similar technologies.
(3) If your browser or browser add-on services allow it, you can modify your acceptance of cookies or refuse our cookies. For details, please refer to https://www.aboutcookies.org/ . But if you do so, it may affect your safe use of our products or services in certain situations. At the same time, you will still receive product or service information, but the relevance of these product or service information to you will decrease.
2. How do we use similar technologies
In addition to cookies, we will also use other similar technologies such as platform beacons and pixel tags on the Weiyi platform. For example, the email we send you may contain an address link to the content of the Weiyi platform. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we can proactively improve the customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened.
4、 How do we transfer your personal information
1. External provision
(1) Necessary for fulfilling the service agreement. Some of the micro medical services may be provided to you by our affiliated companies and partner institutions ("business partner institutions") or jointly with third parties. Therefore, in order to fulfill the service agreement with you, we must provide your personal information to our affiliated companies and business partners.
(2) If you voluntarily request us to provide your personal information to a third party, we will inform you of the name and contact information of the recipient of your personal information in an appropriate manner on the corresponding page based on the purpose of your consent. For example, if you voluntarily request to log in to third-party products or services using a Weiyi platform account, we or the third party will inform you on the associated login page of the personal information that Weiyi needs to provide to the third party for this purpose, as well as the name and contact information of the third party.
(3) If we provide your personal information to third parties to fulfill our legal obligations, we will inform you of the name and contact information of the recipient of your personal information in an appropriate manner on the corresponding page.
2. Transfer personal information for reasons such as mergers and acquisitions
If it is necessary to transfer your personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information and urge the recipient to continue to fulfill their personal information protection obligations. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they shall obtain your consent again in accordance with the law or have other legal reasons.
3. Public disclosure
We generally do not publicly disclose your personal information, except with your separate consent or for other legitimate reasons.
4. Entrustment processing
In order to improve the efficiency and accuracy of information processing and services, we will entrust professional organizations to represent us in processing your personal information, such as infrastructure technology services, SMS distribution services, real person authentication services, invoicing services, video and outbound SaaS services, logistics services, inspection and testing services, etc
Service providers. The above-mentioned entrusted processing behavior is subject to the purpose stated in this policy, and we will require the entrusted institution to comply with strict confidentiality obligations and take effective confidentiality measures through written agreements, audits, etc., prohibiting them from using the entrusted information for purposes other than the entrusted purpose.
5、 How third-party products or services can obtain your personal information
In order to provide you with richer and more complete features, we will use the following third-party software development kits (SDKs) to provide you with services. The specific information collection and usage of SDK shall be subject to the privacy policy or relevant statements of the SDK operator. Click on the 'Directory of Third Party SDK Service Providers' to view the SDK details of the authorized partners we connect to.
6、 How do we protect your personal information
1. We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect the security of the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, we will use encryption techniques (such as SSL/TLS), anonymization processing, and other means to protect your personal data. At present, our important information systems have passed the information security level protection (Level 3) evaluation and filing, and have obtained ISO27001 certification in terms of information security.
We have established specialized management systems, processes, and organizations to ensure information security. For example, we strictly restrict personnel with access to information, require them to comply with their confidentiality obligations, and conduct reviews on this matter.
3. We will periodically update and publicly disclose security risks, personal information security impact assessment reports, and other related content. You can obtain them through announcements on the Weiyi platform.
4. The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and we strongly recommend that you do not use the communication methods not recommended by WeDoctor to send personal information. Please note that the information you voluntarily share or even publicly share when using WeChat medical services may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information, such as when you choose to upload images containing personal information when posting or commenting. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using WeChat medical services.
5. Please use complex passwords to help us ensure the security of your account. We will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us. If you find that your personal information, especially your account or password, has been leaked, please contact customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures based on your application.
6. If our physical, technical, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
7. In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will inform you in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
7、 How do you manage your personal information
During your use of the Weiyi platform, you can access and manage your personal information, as well as exercise the right to change the scope of authorization and consent and cancel your account through the following methods. Your opinions will be promptly processed.
1. Accessing and copying your personal information
You have the right to access and copy your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. You can access or copy your personal information by yourself through the following methods:
(1) Account information: If you wish to access or edit your personal basic information and real name authentication information in your account, change your password, or add a bound email, you can log in to your account and perform such operations through "Me Settings Account Settings".
(2) Patient Management: You can log in to your account and perform operations such as adding, deleting, and modifying patients in the "Me - Common Patients" section.
(3) Medical record: You can add, view, and delete your medical record information, including medical records, medication lists, and examination reports, in the recorder function of the Weiyi platform.
(4) Appointment, consultation, and medication purchase records: You can log in to your account and view your history through "Me".
If you are unable to access or copy such personal information through the above path, you can contact us at any time through our customer service center. We will reply to your access request within 15 working days.
For other personal information generated during your use of Weiyi's services or products, as long as we do not need to invest too much, we will provide it to you in accordance with the relevant arrangements in this section "Responding to your above requests".
2. Correct your personal information
When you discover errors in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to request us to make corrections. You can submit a correction request through the methods listed in "Accessing Your Personal Information" in this section.
3. Delete your personal information
You can delete some of your personal information through the methods listed in "Accessing Your Personal Information" in this section. For other personal information generated during your use of Weiyi's services or products, we will respond to your deletion request in accordance with the relevant arrangements in this section "Responding to Your Above Requests".
In the following situations, you may request the deletion of personal information from us through the methods specified in this policy:
(1) The purpose of personal information processing has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
(2) We cease to provide products or services, or the retention period has expired;
(3) You withdraw your consent;
(4) We handle personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations, or agreements;
(5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
Please be informed that if the retention period stipulated by laws and administrative regulations has not expired, or if it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we may not immediately delete your information after you request to delete it. However, we will cease processing other than storage and taking necessary security protection measures.
4. Change the scope of your authorized consent
You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, disabling device functions, and setting privacy settings on the Weiyi platform. The specific path is as follows:
You can change or revoke your relevant authorization through the following functional path:
(1) Third party platform account authorization management: Go to the WeChat home page → 【 Me 】 → 【 Settings 】 → 【 Privacy 】 → 【 Authorization Management 】;
(2) Facial information authorization: Go to the homepage of MicroDoctor → 【 Me 】 → 【 Settings 】 → 【 Privacy 】 → 【 Manage Facial Authorization 】;
(3) System permission management: Go to the homepage of MicroDoctor → 【 Me 】 → 【 Settings 】 → 【 Privacy 】 → 【 System Permissions 】;
(4) Personalized recommendation authorization: Go to the homepage of Weiyi ->[Me] ->[Settings] ->[Privacy] ->[Personalized Content Display], [Personalized Advertising Display].
5. Account cancellation
You can contact customer service through the "Me Help Feedback My Customer Service" function to complete the account cancellation, or view the account cancellation process and complete the cancellation in the "Me Settings Account Settings Account and Security Cancel Account" function.
Your cancellation of the above account is irreversible. We will cease to provide you with products or services, collect your personal information, and delete or anonymize the personal information related to your account as per your request, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. Please proceed with caution, otherwise any data loss issues resulting from account cancellation will be your own responsibility.
6. Transfer personal information to designated third parties
If you need to transfer your personal information to a third party designated by you, you can contact us through the methods stated in this policy. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, we will process and respond to each one.
7. Constrained automatic decision-making
In some Internet services or products, we may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to demand an explanation from us, refuse us to make decisions solely through automated decision-making, and we will also provide appeal methods without infringing on our and our affiliated companies' trade secrets, user rights, and social public interests.
8. Responding to your above request
If you are unable to exercise your rights in the above manner, you can contact us using the contact information provided in this policy. To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will respond to your request within 15 working days. If you are not satisfied, you can file a complaint through the customer service center.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repeated, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
9. Response to requests from your close relatives in special circumstances
If you unfortunately pass away, your close relatives may contact us using the contact information provided in this policy for their own legal and legitimate interests, and exercise the rights to access, copy, correct, and delete your relevant personal information as stipulated in this section. Before exercising your personal information interests in response to your close relatives, we will conduct a strict process to verify their identity and exercise purposes. If you do not agree with your close relatives after your death, you may refuse our response by contacting us using the contact information provided in this policy.
10. Exceptions to Response Situations
We will not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
(1) Related to our obligations under laws and regulations;
(2) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(5) We have sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(6) Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
(7) Involving trade secrets.
8、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, the collection and use of personal information of minors under the age of 14 requires authorization and consent from their guardians; The collection and use of personal information of minors who are over 14 years old but under 18 years old can be authorized and agreed upon by their guardians or authorized and agreed upon by themselves.
2. If you are a minor (especially a minor under the age of 14), we require you to ask your parents or other guardians to carefully read this policy and our child privacy policy, and to use our services or provide information to us with the authorization and consent of your guardian.
3. If you are the guardian of a minor, please pay attention to whether the minor under your guardianship is using our products or services with your authorized consent. If you have any questions about the personal information of the minors under your guardianship, please contact us through the methods stated in this policy.
9、 How to update this policy
Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this policy.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: significant changes in our service model; The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed; There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it; Our contact information and complaint channels have changed; When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
We will also archive the old version of this policy for your reference.
10、 How to contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or personal information protection, you can contact us with your written questions, opinions, or suggestions through the following methods:
(1) You can contact us through the feedback on the Weiyi platform, phone number, and the Weiyi customer service center website:
Feedback within the Weiyi platform: Through "Settings - Privacy - Contact Customer Service"
”Can obtain artificial intelligence responses;
Customer service phone numbers: [95169020], [95169100]
Weiyi Customer Service Center website:【 https://www.guahao.com/help/common 】
(2) We have also established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which you can contact via email（ data-security@wedoctor.com ）Connect with it; Or submit a written notice to it, with the following delivery information:
Name: Micro Medical Personal Information Security Working Group
Address: Room 1807, 18th Floor, Building 3, No. 371 Mingxing Road, Xiaoshan Economic and Technological Development Zone, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province
Postal Code: [311200]
And even after your feedback, we still refuse to make improvements,
Pop up Example
Pop up Example Pop up Example Pop up Example Pop up Example Pop up Example Pop up Example
I got it!
good
Activity Rules
Event time: June 1, 2017 to June 2, 2017
Target audience: All micro medical users
Participation requirements: Share and invite new users to register for a micro medical account
Support Markdown syntax
Bold, highlight, delete lines, italic links
Unordered List 1
Unordered List 2
Unordered List 3
Ordered List 1
Ordered List 2
Ordered List 3
I got it!
Account requires real name authentication
