Tools&Services
Tool&Service
Management&Architecture
Organization
Internal and external influences
Influence
Security system
Security Policies
Popular Q&A
FAQ
Weibo Personal Information Protection Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Personal Data Collection and Use
Cookie and Relative Technical Measures
Delegate, Share, Transfer, and Disclose
Personal Data Protection
Personal Data Storage
Data Subject Rights
Children’s Personal Data Collection and Use
Update
Contact Us
Update Date: March 3, 2022
Effective Date: March 3, 2022
introduction
In order to effectively protect the personal information of Weibo users and optimize user experience, Weibo (hereinafter referred to as "we", referring to Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd.) has formulated the "Weibo Personal Information Protection Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") in accordance with current laws and policies. This policy will provide a detailed explanation of our policies and measures regarding the acquisition, use, management, and protection of users' personal information. We strive to express ourselves in simple and concise language, and use bold font to highlight the clauses in this policy that are closely related to your rights and interests to remind you to pay attention. Therefore, before using Weibo, please carefully read and fully understand this policy, and only use Weibo services after confirming full understanding and agreement.
Important Notice:
The information collected through third-party products or services (including any third-party websites) accessed through Weibo may include products or services and advertising content displayed to you in personalized recommendations, or other products or services linked to in Weibo;
Information collected by third parties to assist Weibo in advertising promotion;
Information collected by third parties conducting advertising activities on Weibo.
2. Please be aware that the client and related services described in this policy may vary depending on factors such as the model, system version, browser version, software application version, etc. of the client device you have installed. The final product and service will be based on the Weibo client you are using.
The relevant terms in this policy, unless otherwise specified, shall be interpreted in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and regulations.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. How do we collect and use your personal information
2. Cookie and Related Technology Notice
3. How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
4. How do we protect your personal information
5. How do we store your personal information
6. Your personal information subject rights
7. How do we collect and process personal information of minors
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
1. Personal Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us 1.1 Registration and Login Account When you register a Weibo account or add other accounts using account management functions, we will collect your account nickname, password, password protection options, email address, and phone number through the registration and login process. If you log in to Weibo in other ways, we will request your personal information from the associated third party. For personal information that we request but the third party cannot provide, we may still require you to provide: (1) When you log in with your QQ account, we will access and obtain your QQ avatar, nickname, region, and gender information; (2) When you log in with your WeChat account, we will obtain your WeChat avatar, WeChat nickname, gender, and region information; (3) When you log in with your Apple ID, we will obtain your Apple ID's email address. In order to ensure account security and implement network real name registration, you may still need to bind a valid mobile phone number when you use other methods to log in or use certain functions of Weibo. Collecting this information is to help you create a Weibo account and verify your real name. If you refuse to provide this information, it will affect your registration and use of Weibo. In order for you to conveniently log in and use the products provided by us and our affiliates, we adopt a unified account system. You can use your Weibo account to log in and use Weibo and other products. If you modify your account information (including account password, password protection options, email address, phone number) in any product, such modifications will be automatically synchronized to your unified account. You understand and agree that if you implement account cancellation in any product, it may affect your use of other products. In addition, if you wish to set up a "teenage mode" for your child under the age of 14, we will collect your child's account nickname, gender, and date of birth information. Please refer to our "Weibo Children's Personal Information Protection Policy" for details. 1.2 When you browse Weibo's information flow, we will provide you with personalized content recommendation services based on your device information, IP address, location information, personal homepage information, and your behavior information (i.e. browsing history, comments, likes, and followers). You can independently control the opening and closing of personalized content recommendation services in Weibo settings (path: Weibo - Me - Settings - Privacy Settings - Personalized Content Recommendation), which will not affect your normal use of other functions of Weibo. Regarding the location based information and services provided to you on Weibo (such as information and advertisement push, location tagging, location check-in, "same city" services, topic/location/weather/super topic recommendation guidance on Weibo publishers), if your device supports these options, we will collect your accurate location information or rough location information after you enable location permission. You acknowledge and understand that we may rely on other information such as IP addresses, Wi Fi access points, mobile signal base station locations, etc
）To determine your approximate location and provide you with information and services based on that location. 1.3 Posting and Interaction: When you post or forward Weibo, leave comments, or send private messages to other users, we will collect the content you post (including text, images, or videos). If the images or videos you use when posting on Weibo contain location information, we will extract such location information and use it as an alternative for you to tag location information; You can also choose independently or mark the geographical location of the Weibo content you intend to post based on our recommendations and guidance. If you refuse to grant location permission or provide location information, you will not be able to mark location information on the published content. 1.4 When you use the location check-in sharing feature, we will collect your location information. If you refuse to provide location information, you will not be able to use this feature. 1.5 When you use the Discover Contacts as a friend feature, we will collect your contact information so that you can discover and add contacts as Weibo friends. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use this feature. During your viewing of Weibo Live, we will not collect any additional information from you. When you launch a live broadcast, you need to provide us with your real name and ID card number, so that we can verify your real name in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and turn on the camera and microphone on the device. When you make a live broadcast reservation, you need to provide information about the reservation and specify the start time, and shoot or upload a preview video of the live broadcast. If you wish to interact with the host you are watching, you may need to turn on the camera and microphone on your device; When you use the free streaming feature to watch live streams, we may also need to confirm your eligibility for free streaming services based on your IMSI. If you plan to create a live broadcast appointment, you can also enable calendar permissions on your device so that we can create a schedule and remind you before the live broadcast starts. You can also adjust the cover image of your live broadcast or mark the location of your live broadcast according to your wishes. If you refuse to provide this information or enable relevant permissions, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions of such information and permissions, but it will not affect your ability to watch, initiate, or schedule live broadcasts. 1.7 Weibo Wallet Function When you use the Weibo Wallet function, you will need to bind your Alipay account, and we will collect the information (including name, login name, enterprise name, nickname, avatar, gender, region and user status) that your Alipay account authorizes us to obtain, as well as the binding relationship between your Alipay account and your Weibo account, so that you can complete withdrawal or use the wallet balance to pay. If you refuse to bind, you will not be able to use the withdrawal and balance payment functions of Weibo Wallet. 1.8 When you use video creation and content management functions, we will collect and display your video content, video cover, video description, comments, interactions, and other information related to you for your reference and management. If you need to upload videos, you need to authorize us to access the album or external storage information, otherwise we will not be able to access the video content on your device. If you need to create videos, you may also need to turn on the camera and microphone on your device. If you need to settle the income of video on the platform, you need to provide us with your real name, Alipay account, mobile phone number, and ID card number so that we can verify your identity and make payments to you. If you refuse to provide this information, we will not be able to settle the related income for you. 1.9 When you edit your personal homepage, you can edit your nickname, avatar, gender, birthday, and location information. You can actively fill in the profile, relationship status, hometown, school, company, and other extended information according to the actual situation. If you refuse to provide extended information, it will not affect your ability to edit your personal page or use other functions of Weibo. If you need to modify your avatar, you need to authorize us to access the album or external storage information, otherwise we will not be able to access the file content on your device. If you need to take a profile picture, you may also need to turn on the camera on your device. 1.10 When you use Weibo authentication functions (including identity authentication, interest authentication, gold V authentication, super topic authentication, video authentication, article/question and answer authentication, and other authentication types we may add from time to time) or other services that require real name authentication (such as opening a Weibo store), we will collect your name, phone number, ID card information, and occupation information based on the type of service you use. When you apply for authentication, we also need to collect your facial recognition features for identity verification. Collecting this information is to assist you in completing identity authentication. We will protect your personal information to the greatest extent possible. If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to provide related services. Among them, for some accounts involved in public information dissemination (such as real name official accounts), we will forcibly collect the ID information of the main responsible persons (such as account operators) to maintain public communication order. Except for the above situations, we generally do not force the collection of users' ID information. 1.11 When you use the Weibo "Same City" service, we will collect your location information so that we can display the Weibo content of "Same City" users to you based on your geographical location. If you refuse to provide precise location information, we will only rely on rough location information at the city level to provide you with "same city" services. You can also browse other "same city" Weibo content by switching cities. At the same time, if you do not want your Weibo to be displayed in "same city", you can turn it off in Weibo settings, which will not affect your normal use of other functions of Weibo. 1.12 When using the shooting props, TV series production tools, and other tools provided on Weibo, if you choose to use tools that need to fit the face in the image, we will need to recognize your facial feature information to provide better visual effects. During this process, unless otherwise specified and with your separate consent, we will not transmit, store, or provide the above information to third parties. This information will only be processed locally on your device (such as your phone). If you refuse to provide facial feature information, you will not be able to use the relevant tools, but it will not affect your use of other functions on Weibo. 1.13 When you participate in marketing activities within Weibo (e.g. on Weibo)
When using points to exchange for gifts at Bo Ji Park, we will collect your name, phone number, and mailing address. We collect this information in order to send you a gift. If you refuse to provide this information, we will not be able to distribute the gift to you. 1.14 When you participate in the "Shake to Win Red Envelope" activity in the Weibo User Task Center, we will collect your location information to match users who are also participating in the activity based on your geographical location. If you refuse to provide location information, you will not be able to use the shake function, and your refusal to provide this information will not affect your use of other functions on Weibo. 1.15 When you use the customer service center to manage your account, depending on the type of service you are using (including but not limited to recovering login name, password, password modification, binding phone number, etc.), you may need to provide us with different information such as nickname, original password, new bound phone number, etc. to achieve different account management functions. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the corresponding function of the information, but it will not affect your use of other functions on Weibo. If you need to upload files using the "Fraud Report" function, you need to authorize us to access the album or external storage information, otherwise we will not be able to access the file content on your device. If you need to take photos, you may also need to turn on the camera on your device. 1.16 When you use our search service, we collect keyword information, search history, device information (including device attributes, connection, and status information such as device model, device identifier (such as IMEI/AndroidID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID/OAID), device MAC address, telecom operator, and other software and hardware feature information). In order to provide efficient search services, some information will be temporarily stored on your local device. Here, you should note that individual search keyword information cannot identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information. Therefore, we have the right to use it for other purposes; Only when your search keyword information is linked to your other information and can be combined to identify your personal identity, we will treat your search keyword information as your personal information and process and protect it together with your search history in accordance with this policy. 1.17 In the event that you copy or follow information, we need to access your clipboard, read the passwords, copy codes, links contained therein, to achieve functions or services such as jumping and sharing, help you open the copied or followed content, and enhance your product user experience. Weibo will only upload the content of the clipboard to our server when it is locally recognized as a Weibo jump command. In addition, Weibo will not upload any other information about your clipboard to our server. Some terminal devices such as mobile phones may prompt the application (App) to read the clipboard, but the system prompt cannot distinguish whether clipboard information is being collected, and false alarms cannot be ruled out. Therefore, if you find similar prompts, please contact us so that we can locate the issue. 1.18 When you use Weibo, we will push personalized advertisements to you based on your device information, IP address, and location information. When using the above information, we will perform de identification processing to make the relevant information unable to be directly associated with your true identity. If you refuse personalized advertising push services, you can turn them off in Weibo settings (path: Weibo - Me - Settings - Privacy Settings - Personalized Advertising Recommendations), but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Weibo. 1.19 If you provide us with contact information (such as a mobile phone number) while using Weibo, we or third parties we cooperate with may send you commercial messages via SMS. If you do not wish to receive these messages, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in your mobile SMS, or you can contact us directly to unsubscribe. 1.20 In certain special circumstances (such as assessing compliance with specific user behavior), we may require you to provide copies or scanned copies of relevant written evidence. We will handle your information properly and provide timely feedback to you after receiving your materials. 1.21 If we obtain your personal information outside of the above scenarios, we will obtain your explicit consent again and fully explain the application scenarios and the content and scope of obtaining your relevant information to you before obtaining your explicit consent, except as otherwise provided by applicable data protection laws. When you use third-party applications that are accessed on Weibo, we may obtain necessary personal information from the developers of such third-party applications and their technical service providers for the purpose of providing technical support, such as device information and operation behavior log information. If it involves your sensitive personal information, we will obtain separate authorization from you. If you refuse to allow us to collect relevant personal information, it may result in the inability to implement all or part of the functions of third-party applications, but it does not affect your use of other functions on Weibo. Developers and technology service providers of such third-party applications may directly collect and use your personal information in accordance with their privacy policies, but we will not obtain such personal information. We suggest that you read and confirm your understanding of this privacy policy before accepting relevant services and providing personal information. When you use our services through service portals such as websites, clients, and mini programs, we may automatically collect your IP address, device model, unique device identification code, browser model, rough location information (such as country or city information), installed application information, sensor information, and other device technical information from your device. We also collect some log information of your use of our services, such as pages visited or links clicked. Collecting this information is mainly to ensure the safe operation of the service, and it can also help us better understand you, such as where you come from and what content attracts you to our service. We use this information for internal analysis and to improve the quality and relevance of our services to you (such as recommending information and content that may be of interest to you). We also need to keep corresponding logs to record our website and mobile devices
The operational status of service entrances such as clients must comply with legal regulations. These information are generally collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies that we use. For details, please refer to the "Cookie and Related Technology Notice" section below. The device permissions we have obtained are to provide you with convenient and high-quality services, and we may invoke some permissions on your device. When you use the corresponding function, you will see a pop-up reminder asking if you have authorized it. You can choose to disable some or all permissions in the settings function of the client or device. The opening and closing methods of the above permissions may vary among different devices. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines provided by the device and system developers for specific details. For specific information on Weibo access permissions, please refer to the "Device Permissions List". According to the relevant provisions of applicable data protection laws, we have the right to process (including collecting, using, entrusting processing, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing) your personal information without your authorization and consent in the following circumstances: 5.1 Necessary for entering into and performing a contract to which you are a party; 5.2 Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations; 5.3 Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations; 5.4 To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process your personal information within a reasonable range; 5.5 Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope in accordance with legal provisions; 5.6 Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. Unless you refuse our processing by deleting, withdrawing consent, or other means, during your use of Weibo, we will use your personal information to the extent that it complies with applicable data protection laws and is directly or reasonably related to the purposes stated in this policy. For example, after de identifying your personal identity information, analyzing and commercializing it, or using your self disclosed information within a reasonable range (without affecting the visibility of some information adjusted through the privacy settings provided in Weibo (such as setting private Weibo, or setting only half a year of public Weibo, etc.).
2、 Cookie and Related Technology Notice
1. Cookies and related technologies can help websites identify registered users, calculate the number of users, and are usually used by various websites to determine whether registered users have logged in. We use cookies and related technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services: 1.1 Ensure the security and efficient operation of products or services. We may set authentication and security cookies to confirm whether you have safely logged into the service or encountered theft, fraud, and other illegal activities. These technologies will also help us improve service efficiency, enhance login and response speed. 1.2 Simplify your operational steps. By using this type of technology, you can save the steps and processes of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering search content, and get a more relaxed access experience. 1.3 Recommend, display, and push content or accounts that may interest you. We may use such technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, conduct data analysis to improve product services, recommend information or features that interest you, and optimize your advertising choices. If you wish to disable cookies, you can configure your browser by selecting "refuse cookies" or "notify you when the website sends cookies". Considering that our service is implemented through the support of cookies, after completing the operation of turning off cookies, your access to Weibo may be affected or you may not be able to fully access our service. When you do not disable cookies, you may receive prompts such as whether to retain user information on the next visit to this website to simplify login procedures (such as automatic login).
3、 How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
In order to improve information processing efficiency, we may entrust a third party to process your personal information on our behalf. We will sign a commission agreement with third parties entrusted by us to process personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with the agreement, this policy, and applicable data protection laws. In order to provide you with Weibo related services, ensure the stable operation of Weibo services, and for other reasonable purposes, we may share your personal information with other personal information processors in the following specific circumstances. Please refer to the 'Third Party Cooperation List' for details. We will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of collecting personal information from third parties with whom we share it, investigate their data security environment, and require them to process personal information in accordance with this policy and applicable data protection laws. 2.1 Implementation of Services and Information Sharing for Weibo. Please understand that certain functions and services of Weibo are provided by third parties (including our affiliates). In order to implement such functions and services, we may share necessary information with relevant third parties, so that these third parties can provide you with relevant functions and services, display or push information and content that you may be interested in. 2.2 Information Sharing to Assist You in Participating in Marketing Promotion Activities To assist you in participating in marketing promotion activities, we may share your information with third parties. When you choose to participate in our marketing and promotional activities, depending on the needs of different events, you may need to provide us with your name, phone number, and mailing address. With your explicit consent, we will share the above information with third parties so that they can provide services to you in a timely manner. 2.3 To achieve programmatic advertising push, we may share de identified or anonymized information with advertising partners (including advertisers and other advertising service providers) to help them improve the effective reach of advertisements without identifying your personal identity. Without your authorization, we will not share your personal identification information (i.e. identifiable information such as name or phone number) with advertising partners
. 2.4 Implementation of Information Sharing for Security and Analysis Statistics To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of you and other Weibo users, and ensure the stable operation of Weibo services, we will share your device information and network information after desensitization with data security partners. In addition, to analyze the usage of Weibo services and improve your user experience, we will share anonymized information on your Weibo usage behavior with our data analysis partners. The technical modules of certain functions in Weibo services are assisted by third-party SDKs. For specific information on the collection and use of user information by third-party SDKs integrated into Weibo clients, please refer to the "Third Party Cooperation List". If we need to transfer your personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information and require the recipient to process your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose and method, they shall obtain your authorization and consent again in accordance with the law (except as otherwise provided by applicable data protection laws). Unless we obtain your consent in accordance with the law or act in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will not transfer or publicly disclose your personal information except as stated in this policy. 6. You should understand that during the use of Weibo services, you can send personal information such as photos, identity information, and location information to specific people, and also share your personal information such as photos, location information, and identity information with unspecified people based on our services. We do not assume any responsibility for your personal information being known to others due to these proactive sharing and disclosure behaviors.
4、 How do we protect your personal information
We will make every reasonable effort to protect the personal information we obtain from you, and have a dedicated data security department protect your personal information to prevent it from being illegally accessed, copied, modified, transmitted, lost, destroyed, processed or used in accidental or unauthorized circumstances. At present, Weibo has passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection (Level 3), and has met the requirements of domestic authoritative certification standards in information security, and has obtained corresponding certification. 2. We take the following technical measures to protect your personal information: 2.1 Our network services adopt encryption technologies such as transport layer security protocols, and provide browsing services through HTTPS and other methods to ensure the security of user personal information during transmission; 2.2 Encrypt and store user personal information through encryption technology, and isolate it through isolation technology; 2.3 When using personal information, such as displaying personal information or calculating personal information associations, we will use various data anonymization techniques including content replacement, encryption anonymization, etc. to enhance the security of personal information during use; 2.4 Establish strict data usage and access regulations, adopt strict data access control and multiple identity authentication technologies to protect personal information, and prevent your personal information from being used in violation of regulations; 2.5 Adopt specialized data and technology security audits, establish multiple measures including log audits and behavior audits. In addition, we have taken the following other measures to protect your personal information: 3.1 By establishing a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards to manage and regulate the storage and use of personal information; 3.2 Establish a specialized department for data security, responsible for organizing security emergency response to promote and safeguard personal information security; 3.3 Strengthen employees' awareness of personal information protection and security. We will also hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information; 3.4 Other personal information protection measures explicitly required by applicable data protection laws. Although we have taken the reasonable and effective measures mentioned above and complied with the standards required by relevant laws and regulations, we still cannot guarantee the security of your personal information when communicating through insecure channels. Therefore, you should take proactive measures to ensure the security of personal information, such as regularly changing account passwords and not disclosing your personal information such as account passwords to others. There is always a risk of information leakage in the network environment. When unexpected events, force majeure, or other situations occur that result in the leakage of your information, we will do our best to control the situation and promptly inform you of the cause of the incident, the security measures we have taken, the security measures you can take proactively, and other relevant information. We will develop emergency response plans and immediately activate them in case of user information security incidents, striving to prevent the impact and consequences of these security incidents from expanding. Once a user information security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through push notifications, emails, letters, text messages, and other related forms. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of user information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities. Please understand that the personal information protection measures we provide only apply to Weibo. Once you leave Weibo and browse or use other websites, services, and content resources, we have no ability or obligation to protect any personal information you submit on websites other than Weibo, regardless of whether your login or browsing of the aforementioned websites is based on Weibo links or guidance.
5、 How do we store your personal information
We store your personal information collected within the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with applicable data protection laws. At present, we will not use, store, share, or disclose your personal information in cross-border business, or transfer your personal information overseas. If there are any changes in our future business, we may need to transfer your personal information to other countries or regions. These countries or regions may have different data protection laws, or even no relevant laws in place. In this situation, we will proceed according to
According to relevant applicable data protection laws, ensure that your personal information is protected at the same level as within the country, inform you of necessary matters, implement corresponding compliance procedures in accordance with the law, and seek your separate consent (except as otherwise provided by applicable data protection laws). We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this policy and within the time limit required by laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. We will store your personal information for the period specified by applicable data protection laws. After exceeding the statutory retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
6、 Your personal information subject rights
We attach great importance to your management of personal information and make every effort to safeguard your access, correction, deletion, withdrawal of consent, and other legal rights to personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to maintain your privacy and personal information security. 1. Accessing, modifying, copying, and deleting your personal information 1.1 After completing the account registration on Weibo, you can access, modify, and copy your personal information at any time. 1.2 If the following situations occur, you can request us to delete your personal information: 1.2.1 If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations; 1.2.2 If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you; 1.2.3 If we terminate the operation and services of Weibo, or if you withdraw your authorization and consent; 1.2.4 Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify third parties who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible, requesting them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or these third parties have obtained your independent authorization. 1.3 For personal information that is difficult to access, modify, copy, delete directly on the client side, or to exercise other legal rights, you can also submit relevant applications to us through the contact information provided in this policy. Withdrawing consent for specific business functions on Weibo will require the information provided by your authorized consent or the device permissions enabled to be completed. You can withdraw such consent by closing the corresponding business functions. After you withdraw your consent, we are unable to continue providing you with the corresponding functions and will no longer process your personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization. You can cancel your account through the official Weibo client. Please understand that canceling an account is an irreversible operation. Given that we adopt a unified account system, once you cancel your account, we will delete all information related to your account (including information from us and other applications provided by our affiliates using the same account), except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. You are also unable to regain access to related services on Weibo and other apps through your cancelled account. To ensure security, we will promptly process your request after verifying your identity. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic. If any of the following situations exist, we may not be able to respond to your request: 4.1.1 related to our obligations under laws and regulations; 4.1.2 Directly related to national security and defense security; 4.1.3 Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; 4.1.4 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 4.1.5 We have sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice or abuse of power; 4.1.6 If it is difficult to obtain my authorization and consent in order to safeguard your or others' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property; 4.1.7 Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or others' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests; 4.1.8 Involving trade secrets. If we terminate the service or operation, we will notify you at least thirty days in advance and delete or anonymize your personal information after the termination of the service or operation.
7、 How do we collect and process personal information of minors
Weibo Children's Personal Information Protection Policy
Equipment Permission List
3、 How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
4、 How do we protect your personal information
5、 How do we store your personal information
6、 Your personal information subject rights
7、 How do we collect and process personal information of minors
8、 Update of this policy
To provide you with better service and as our business develops, this policy will also be updated accordingly. For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including but not limited to emails, text messages, private messages, or special prompts on browsing pages to explain the specific changes to this policy). The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: 1.1 Significant changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used; 1.2 We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc., resulting in changes in the entity that actually collects and processes your personal information, such as changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc; 1.3 Changes in the main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure; 1.4 There has been a significant change in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the way you exercise it; When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change; When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks. We will release updated versions on our website and client (Settings - "About Weibo"), and notify you of the updates through website announcements or other appropriate means before they take effect, so that you can stay informed of the latest version of this policy in a timely manner. By agreeing and continuing to use Weibo, you agree to this policy (including updated versions)
The content.
9、 How to contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or related matters, especially if you believe that our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us at any time through the following methods. We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and respond promptly in accordance with the requirements and deadlines of applicable data protection laws. Customer Service Hotline: 400-096-0960 Online Customer Service: @ Weibo Customer Service, Private Message Contact Weibo Customer Service Common Office Address: Sina Headquarters Building, Building 8, West Campus, No. 10 Xibeiwang East Road, Haidian District, Beijing
Customer Service Hotline: 400-096-0960 Online Customer Service: @ Weibo Customer Service
Common office address: Sina Headquarters Building, Building 8, West Campus, No. 10 Xibeiwang East Road, Haidian District, Beijing
