Improving the level of information protection is the requirement of national policies and regulations and the healthy development of the industry, the expectation of the whole society, and the value and unremitting pursuit of Kwai. Kwai will continue to focus on users, so that users can find what they need in the safe Kwai community, play their strengths, and continue to improve everyone's unique happiness.
Kwai
Kwai version
AcFun
Quick Shadow
A Sweet Camera
Hurry up and take a look
Live streaming partner
edition
newest
Download PDF
Kwai Privacy Policy
Basic Function Privacy Policy
Updated on June 27th, 2024
introduction
Dear Kwai Laotie, welcome to use Kwai platform services!
Kwai platform services are operated by Kwai Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Kwai", "we"). We deeply understand the importance of personal information to you and will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements to take corresponding security measures, committed to ensuring the security and controllability of your personal information. Before you use the Kwai platform service, please carefully read and fully understand this basic function privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "this privacy policy") (especially the content marked in bold), so that you can make appropriate use choices. For more information about our processing rules for your personal information, please click to view the detailed version of the Kwai Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy is only applicable to the products and/or services under Kwai, including websites, web pages, clients and applets, as well as new service carriers emerging with the development of technology.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us through the methods specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy, and we will be happy to answer them for you. We will also revise this privacy policy from time to time based on laws, regulations, and changes in business development, and inform you in an appropriate manner.
If you are a minor over 14 years old but under 18 years old, or do not have full capacity for civil conduct due to intellectual or mental health conditions, please read and agree to this privacy policy together under the guidance and accompaniment of your legal guardian; If you are a minor under the age of 14, please have your legal guardian read and agree to this privacy policy for you. Please and your legal guardian pay special attention to the protection of minors.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following content
1、 Collection and Use of Personal Information
2、 Sharing, Transfer, and Disclosure of Personal Information
3、 Protection and Storage of Personal Information
4、 Your rights
5、 Protection of Minors
6、 Privacy Policy Access and Update
7、 How to contact us
1、 Collection and Use of Personal Information
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, Kwai provides short video services for video search and playback for a period of time. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you can click "Disagree" to enter the visitor mode.
We also provide you with more diverse products and/or services. In order to implement the functions and/or services you choose to use and comply with legal and regulatory requirements, we need to collect and use your corresponding personal information and/or grant necessary permissions. If you refuse, it may result in you being unable to use the function and/or service, but it does not affect the normal use of other unrelated functions and/or services. You can manage your personal information and permissions through Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy.
If you agree to this basic function privacy policy, it only means that when you agree to use the basic function of Kwai, we will process the necessary personal information. If you use other extended functions of Kwai, we will ask for your consent when you use specific extended functions.
In specific scenarios, we will also inform you of the purpose, scope, and usage of the corresponding information collection through instant notifications (pop ups, page prompts) and feature update instructions. This type of explanation constitutes a part of this privacy policy and has the same legal effect as this privacy policy.
Generally, in order to realize the following Kwai platform functions and/or services, you will collect and use your personal information or apply for relevant permissions:
1. Account service
In order to use our rich functions and/or services (comment, like, collect, release videos), you need to provide relevant information/carry out corresponding authorization to register and log in to the Kwai platform.
1.1 Mobile phone number: When you use your mobile phone number to register and log in, you need to provide your mobile phone number as the necessary information to complete the registration and log in of the Kwai account. When you complete the registration, we will generate a public identifier for your account, that is, the Kwai number.
When you use the "one click login" service, with your consent, we and our partner network operators will use your device's mobile phone number to help you avoid password or dynamic verification code verification, achieving convenient registration and login purposes. If you do not want to use the "one click login" service, you can register and log in to the Kwai platform in other ways.
1.2 Email: If you use email to log in Kwai products and services, you need to provide email address and password as necessary information.
1.3 Third party account: When you use a third party account (WeChat, QQ, Weibo) to log in to Kwai, or bind a third party account with a Kwai account, you need to authorize us to obtain the information (nickname, avatar) under the third party account, which is used to create and log in to Kwai accounts and improve account information.
2. Content browsing, playback, and search
2.1 Content browsing and playback
When you browse and play Kwai platform content, we will record your device information (OAID, AndroidID, IDFA) and personal online records (browsing, clicking, sharing, and collecting) to provide you with a continuous and consistent use experience and ensure the quality of service.
2.1.1 Location related browsing: When you use local services, we will apply for authorization to enable location permissions to collect and use your accurate geographic location information. If you do not authorize precise location information, it may affect the accuracy of positioning. We will rely on rough location information (WLAN access point (SSID, BSSID), Bluetooth and base station, sensor information, IP address information, which are collectively referred to as location information with precise geographic location information) and the location information provided by your use of related functions and/or services (the location you independently fill in your account information, the location link you add in your uploaded content) to determine your approximate location, which will be used to show you when you use the homepage, selection, discovery, and follow functions
Provide content and/or value-added services related to the aforementioned location information. On the same city page, you can also set your own city, and we will provide relevant content and/or value-added services according to your settings.
2.1.2 Landscape/Projection Mode Playback: When you use landscape mode, we need to call your acceleration, gravity, and direction sensors to detect changes in the device screen direction through sensor information and switch between landscape and portrait. When you use the projection service, in order to realize the interconnection and interworking of the equipment, we need to carry out the local network equipment detection. We will collect your hardware type, model, firmware version, regional and language settings, hardware system version number, IP address, terminal equipment type, software and hardware feature information, Internet service provider, network operator, equipment model, terminal manufacturer, terminal equipment operating system version, session start/stop time and network connection status, hard disk, CPU and memory usage.
2.2 Search
When you use the search function, we collect your device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）、 Search instructions (text, voice, or image) and log information. In order to provide efficient search services, keyword information will be temporarily stored on your local device and displayed accordingly when you click on the search icon. You can also choose to delete all or part of the search history.
When you scan to identify QR codes, search for products, or conduct image searches, we will apply for authorization to enable camera and album permissions for you to take photos or upload images through the album for search purposes. When using a scan, we will call your light sensor to adjust screen brightness, and call your linear acceleration sensor to detect device direction and angle information, helping you smoothly identify the scanned content. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
3. Social interaction
We provide you with rich social interaction functions. To help you quickly meet more friends and engage in interactive communication, we will collect and use relevant information according to the following instructions.
3.1 Content Interaction
When you engage in interactive communication, we will collect and publicly display your interaction records and content (browsing, liking, commenting, following, bookmarking, forwarding, sharing, and @ other users).
When you share or receive the shared content and activity information, Kwai needs to access your clipboard, read the password, sharing code and link contained in it, so as to realize the linkage services of jumping, sharing, receiving benefits and activities, help users open relevant content and improve user experience. We only recognize the clipboard content locally and upload it to the server only if it is a Kwai instruction. Additionally, when you share or save videos or images, we need to access your photo album.
Some devices may prompt that the application is reading your clipboard or photo album, but these systems do not distinguish between local processing or uploading, and there is a possibility of false positives due to differences in statistical standards among different devices. If you have any related questions, please contact us.
3.2 Message Notification
You know and agree that Kwai may provide you with relevant content, activities, services and function information that you may be interested in and/or necessary to help you conduct identity verification, security verification and user experience research through SMS, telephone, e-mail and system notification based on your authorized mobile phone number and e-mail. If you do not wish to receive relevant push messages, you can set up the relevant settings through the path provided in Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy. SMS notifications can also be unsubscribed through the methods provided in the SMS.
4. Content shooting, production, and publishing
4.1 Shooting and Production
When you use short video and live streaming tools to shoot, produce audio, video, and image content, we will apply for authorization to enable camera permission for shooting and recording, album/storage permission (including SD card) for uploading album content and local synchronous storage to prevent work loss, and microphone permission for audio recording. Please be informed that we will only upload the audio, video, and image content you have selected for upload, and will not upload any other information. At the same time, in order to monitor lighting, adjust brightness, and achieve angle adjustment of the captured image, we will call on light sensors and acceleration sensors to your device. During this process, you can choose to provide us with full or partial permission authorization. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
4.2 Release
When you publicly post graphic and video content, we will collect relevant content and publicly display your avatar, nickname, and the above content information.
4.2.1 Quick Upload: In order to improve the upload speed of the work to be published, enrich the publishing function, optimize the experience, and save data, before clicking the "publish" button after you finish shooting, we will start uploading the content on your device with WLAN connection and temporarily load and save it to our server. But please be aware that this feature will not release such works in advance, and will only submit them for publication when you click the "publish" button. If you cancel the publication or fail to upload for other reasons, we will immediately delete the relevant content. You can disable this feature through the path provided in Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy.
4.2.2 Scope of Publication and Authorized Use: You can choose the public scope of your work before publication, which includes "private" (only visible to yourself), "partially visible", and "public". You can also choose whether your work "allows others to share the same frame with me", "allows reposting", or "allows downloading of this work" to authorize other users to use the content information you have posted.
5. Personalized recommendations
5.1 Personalized recommendation service
In order to show and recommend more relevant content to you and provide more services that meet your requirements, we will collect and use your browsing, playing, and search records in the process of using Kwai platform services, and combine the legally collected equipment information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）、 Based on your preferred features, log information and other authorized information will be pushed to you, including pages, videos, live content, search results, friends you may know, commercial advertisements, services, and features that you may be interested in. If you authorize us to use your location information on the homepage, live stream, or online store
We will also collect your location information in the corresponding functions for personalized recommendations on the page. You can make relevant settings for the above services through the path provided in "5.3 Personalized Recommendation Management" of this privacy policy.
5.2 Personalized recommendation operation mechanism
Personalized recommendations will be based on algorithmic models to predict your preference features, match content, services, or other information that you may be interested in, and rank the information presented to you. We will give real-time feedback on the recommendation model and constantly adjust and optimize the recommendation results according to your personal online records during the service process of Kwai platform. To meet your diverse needs, we will introduce diversified recommendation techniques in the sorting process to expand the recommended content and avoid excessive concentration of similar content.
5.3 Personalized recommendation management
5.3.1 If you do not wish to be recommended personalized content, you can select whether to "display personalized recommended videos" through the app ->Settings ->Usage Information Management ->Personalized Content Recommendation. After closing, you will no longer receive content recommendations based on your personal interests. Understand and manage personalized recommendations
You can also adjust the recommendation strength of your preferred content type based on your preferences through the app's top left corner [≡] - [Content Preferences].
5.3.2 You can independently manage the push of personalized advertising information. You can choose whether to "display personalized ads" through the app - Top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Usage Information Management] - [Personalized Content Recommendation]. After closing, the relevance of your promotional videos will decrease, but the number of promotional videos you see will not change. Understand and manage advertising push notifications
5.3.3 In addition to the personalized recommendation for closing the path mentioned above, you can also close it through the paths provided by various mobile phone manufacturers. Please refer to the closing path guidelines of each mobile phone manufacturer for details, and the actual situation of each mobile phone manufacturer shall prevail.
5.3.4 If you are not interested in specific content or wish to reduce the recommendation of a certain type of content, you can long press the content and select "not interested". We will adjust the recommendation strategy based on your feedback. At the same time, we also provide a "playback feedback" portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
5.3.5 If you believe that any decision made in our personalized recommendation service is made through automated decision-making and has a significant impact on your personal rights, you can contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" in this privacy policy, request us to explain, and refuse to make the above decision solely through automated decision-making.
6. Customer Service
To provide you with customer service, we may require you to provide necessary personal information for identity verification to ensure the security of your account. In order to facilitate contact with you, assist you in resolving issues as soon as possible, or record solutions and results for related issues, we may collect the following relevant information: contact information (the phone number/email address you used to contact us or other contact information you voluntarily provided to us), your communication information (text/pictures/audio/video/call records between you and us or relevant personnel), and other necessary information (account information, order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts).
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use the following relevant information from you: the information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in surveys.
7. APP adaptation and operational security guarantee
7.1 In order to provide you with high-quality and reliable content and services, maintain the normal and stable operation of products and functions, protect the security and legitimate interests of you or other users or the public from infringement through anti cheating and anti fraud, better prevent malicious programs, phishing websites, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or related rules of the Kwai platform, we need to collect, use and integrate your device information, log information, sensor information, and other information you authorize (information collected from partners after obtaining your authorization according to law) to judge account security, transaction security, conduct identity verification, identify violations, detect and prevent security events. and take necessary records, analysis Disposal measures. We will only access your installed application information (application package name) or running process information, overall application operation, usage and frequency, application crash situation, overall installation and usage situation, performance data, and application source when user behavior triggers risk control conditions (multiple incorrect password inputs, frequent remote login, risky account, abnormal payment amount, abnormal withdrawal behavior), and only upload package name information of uncommon apps.
Device information: Device identification information (AndroidID, IDFA, IDFV, UAID (China Mobile UAID, China Unicom UAID, and China Telecom UAID, limited to Android devices), OAID, Openudid, and other device identifiers formed by comprehensive device parameters and system information. Different identifiers may have different validity periods, whether they can be reset by users, acquisition methods, and different systems), network related information (Bluetooth, IP address, network operator, network status, type, access method, network quality data), device parameter information (device name, device model), software and hardware operating system information (version of this application, operating system, language, resolution).
Log information: Personal online records of operations and usage (browsing, playing, searching, liking, following, bookmarking, commenting, downloading, sharing, trading).
Please understand that when you switch Kwai to the background operation of the device, due to some device models and system reasons, the information collection behavior that you used Kwai related functions may not be stopped immediately, resulting in a temporary background information collection behavior.
When conducting research and statistical analysis to improve operational quality and efficiency, we will de identify the personal information mentioned above and will not associate it with your true identity. The above de identification information will be used to improve the content and layout of the Kwai platform, provide product or service support for business decisions, and improve the products and services we provide on the platform.
7.3 When you use
When it is necessary to have interactive advertising functions (shaking and twisting the screen) with the device, we will call the gyroscope, magnetic field and acceleration sensor of the device to identify and judge the status of your device. We will only call the above sensors when you use the interactive advertising function, not in other undisclosed functions or scenes.
7.4 In order to maintain a true and orderly platform atmosphere, build a more healthy and high-quality network ecosystem, and reduce bad rumor mongering, according to the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, Kwai will display the IP address attribution information in your personal homepage, works and comments. Among them, domestic displays are displayed to provinces (regions, cities), and overseas displays are displayed to countries (regions), subject to the data of network operators.
8. Indirectly collecting personal information from third parties
We will not proactively obtain your personal information from third parties. If it is necessary to obtain your personal information from a third party in order to implement relevant functions and services, we will confirm that the third party has obtained your authorization for the relevant personal information, or that the third party is legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. If the personal information processing activities required for our services exceed the scope of your authorization when providing personal information to third parties, we will obtain your explicit consent.
9. Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and similar device information identification technology are widely used in the Internet. When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") to your device to collect and identify information when you use Kwai platform services.
The use of cookies is mainly to ensure the security and efficient operation of product functions and services, to confirm the security status of your account and transactions, and to investigate related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays; Help you avoid the steps and processes of repeatedly filling out forms and entering search content, for a more relaxed user experience; At the same time, we may also use the above technologies to recommend, display, and push content that interests you, optimizing your selection and interaction of content. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy.
You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Most browsers provide users with the function to clear browser cache data. You can operate to clear cookie data in the browser settings. In addition, you can also clear all cookies saved in the software. But after clearing, we may not be able to use the functions or services provided by us that rely on cookies.
10. Third party SDK and API technology
Some features and/or services require the use of third-party SDK (or API) technology. Please be aware that these third-party SDKs (or APIs) may collect or use some of your personal information (please refer to the third-party SDK directory for details). We will conduct strict security checks on relevant SDKs (or APIs) and take technical measures to ensure that they process personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. In addition, we will also sign agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share user information to regulate the use of user information.
11. Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to laws and regulations, your consent is not required for processing your personal information in the following situations:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with legally established labor regulations and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) Implementing news reporting and public opinion supervision for the public interest, and processing your personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
2、 Sharing, Transfer, and Disclosure of Personal Information
（1） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with third parties unless, for the purposes stated in this privacy policy, we need to share your personal information with affiliated companies or third-party partners (service providers, network operators, device manufacturers, and other partners) in the following scenarios. We will adhere to the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity, carefully evaluate the processing purposes and security capabilities of our partners, and sign relevant agreements in accordance with legal provisions. At the same time, we will strictly supervise and manage our partners. Once any violation or breach of contract is found, we will immediately cease cooperation and hold them legally responsible.
The relevant cooperation scenarios are as follows:
To achieve relevant functions and services
1.1 Login and Social Services: In order to provide you with third-party registration, login, and sharing services, our login and social service partners (WeChat, QQ, Weibo) may use your device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
1.2 Third party merchants on the platform: In order to assist you in purchasing goods/services from third-party merchants, making appointments for goods/services, displaying customized discount information from third-party merchants, or providing you with after-sales service, we will share your order and transaction related information and/or account identification information with third-party merchants on the platform.
1.3 Payment Services: In order to ensure transaction security and complete payment for goods/services, third-party payment institutions we cooperate with may need to process your order information and device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
1.4 Logistics Services: In order to accurately and safely deliver and distribute the goods (purchased or collected through activities) to you, third-party logistics companies will inevitably obtain your relevant delivery information during the shipping and distribution process.
1.5 Message Notification: In order to adapt the message push function to the device you are using, device manufacturers (Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, VIVO) will use your device model, version, and related device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
1.6 Customer Service: For and
To handle your complaints, suggestions, and other demands in a timely manner, customer service providers need to use your account and related information to understand, process, and respond to your needs in a timely manner. If necessary, it may also be necessary to use your mobile phone number or other communication methods to contact you.
2. Advertising
Based on our business model, we will conduct advertising push and placement. In order to achieve advertising push and placement, and to help us evaluate, analyze, optimize, and measure the effectiveness of advertising placement, we may need to share some of your information and data with advertisers, service providers, suppliers, and third-party partners (collectively referred to as "advertising partners"). We will use techniques such as de identification, anonymization, or encryption algorithms to process the data.
2.1 Advertising Push and Placement: When we push and place advertisements, advertising partners may need to use device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）、 Tag information, or device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）、 Tag information, combined with other legally collected data, may optimize and enhance the effective reach of advertising push and placement.
2.2 Advertising statistical analysis: We may share your de identified or anonymized device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）、 Tag information, log information (ad clicks, views, displays), and ad conversion data are used to evaluate, analyze, monitor, and measure the effectiveness of ad push and delivery services, in order to provide more suitable ad content for you; Advertisers and/or their authorized service providers may require us to share some or all of the aforementioned information for operational analysis of user sources, optimization of advertising strategies, or improvement of their products and services.
2.3 Personal Information Collection and Reminder in Advertising Scenarios: You may need to actively fill in and submit corresponding personal information (contact information, address, specific information type subject to page display) in the landing pages of relevant third-party advertising push and placement. These information may be collected and processed by advertisers or their commissioned advertising partners.
3. Implement security and statistical analysis
3.1 Ensuring Security of Use: In order to ensure the security of your account and/or property and improve the security of our and our affiliated companies and partner services, we may share necessary device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）、 Account information and log information are used to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, avoid fraud, prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
3.2 Product Analysis: In order to analyze the stability and adaptability of our products and/or services, service partners may need to use product service logs (log information of product crashes and crashes), device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
（2） Transfer
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. We will require the recipient to continue fulfilling the obligations stipulated in this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will seek your consent again.
（3） Publicly available
We will not proactively disclose information that you have not disclosed on your own, unless we comply with national laws and regulations or obtain your consent.
（4） Exceptions for sharing, transferring, and disclosing personal information
According to laws and regulations, sharing, transferring, or disclosing your personal information does not require your consent in the following situations:
1. It is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
2. Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
3. Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. Implement news reporting and public opinion supervision for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable range;
5. In accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law, process personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope;
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
3、 Protection and Storage of Personal Information
（1） Information security system assurance
To ensure your information security, we strive to adopt various reasonable physical, electronic, and management security measures that comply with industry standards (SSL, information encryption storage, data center access control) to protect your information, so that your information will not be leaked, damaged, or lost. We have an advanced data security management system with data as the core and around the data life cycle, which improves the security of the Kwai service system from the multi-dimensional aspects of organization construction, system design, personnel management, product technology, and personal information protection impact assessment.
At present, we have passed the Level 3 certification for information security protection, as well as the internationally authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and ISO27701 privacy information management certification.
（2） Information Security Management System
We have established a dedicated security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt strict data usage and access regulations to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information. We will regularly provide security education and training to personnel, and conduct security audits on data and technology in a timely manner.
At the same time, we have also set up a Kwai security emergency response center, which is maintained by professional security technology and operation teams to facilitate timely and effective response and disposal of various security vulnerabilities and emergencies, and work with relevant departments to trace and combat security incidents. Once a personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will provide information related to the event via email, letter, phone
Notify you through push notifications. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of security incidents such as data breaches in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities.
（3） Account security risk prevention
When using certain services, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information (phone number, bank account information) to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust transactions through third-party products or services to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account and password, please contact us immediately through the information provided in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy so that we can take appropriate measures. You can also independently set up "account freeze", "account unfreeze", and "account protection" through the app's top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Account and Security].
（4） Information storage
1. Storage location
Kwai will store personal information collected and generated during its operations in China in accordance with laws and regulations. If your personal information storage location is transferred from within China to overseas, we will strictly comply with legal provisions or obtain your separate consent.
2. Storage period
Generally speaking, we only retain your personal information for the time necessary to achieve the purpose and within the retention period specified by laws and regulations. After exceeding the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If the Kwai platform terminates its service or operation, we will notify you of the termination in advance in the form of delivery or announcement, and delete your personal information or conduct anonymous processing within a reasonable period after the termination of the service or operation.
4、 Your rights
We attach great importance to your rights as a personal information subject and make every effort to protect your control over your personal information. After completing the registration and login of the Kwai account, you can exercise the relevant rights in the following ways (the right exercise path of each related product may be inconsistent, subject to the actual situation), and we will respond to your request in compliance with the requirements of laws and regulations. At the same time, you can also contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" in this privacy policy to exercise your relevant rights.
（1） Accessing, copying, and transferring personal information
You can access, copy, and transfer personal information through the following methods:
1. Search and copy. You can view your personal information collected by Kwai through [Select] - [Settings] - [Personal Information Collection List] in the upper left corner of APP.
You can copy and download your personal information through the app - Top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Personal Information Management] - [Personal Information View and Download] - [Personal Information Download].
2. Transfer. You can contact us through the methods specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy. After verifying your identity, we will provide you or your designated third-party recipient with a copy of your personal information.
（2） Correction and supplementation of personal information
When you find that the personal information we process about you is inaccurate or incomplete, after verifying your identity, you can submit your correction or supplementary application to us through feedback and error reporting. You can also correct and supplement your personal information through the app's upper left corner [≡] - [Settings] and app - [Me].
In general, you can correct or supplement the information you submit at any time, but for security and identity verification (number appeal service) reasons, some initial registration and verification information provided during registration are not subject to change.
（3） Delete personal information
You can delete some of your information through the path listed in "(2) Correction and Supplement of Personal Information" above, or apply to cancel your account and delete all of your information.
In the following situations, you can also request us to delete your personal information:
1. The processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
2. Stop providing products or services, or the retention period has expired;
3. You withdraw your consent;
4. Handling personal information in violation of laws and regulations or agreements;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
When you delete information from our service, due to applicable laws and security technology restrictions, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will cease processing other than storage and take necessary security measures until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
（4） Withdrawal of consent and modification of permissions
Please understand that each function and/or service requires some basic personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent, we cannot continue to provide you with the function and/or service corresponding to the withdrawal of consent, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw consent does not affect the validity of the personal information processing activities that have been carried out based on personal consent before the withdrawal.
1. System permission management
You can directly access the device system's settings function to manage location, contacts, microphone, camera, photo album, calendar, storage, phone status, notification permissions (the names of system permissions for different devices may vary, based on the system permission name of the device you are using), in order to change the scope of authorization or revoke your authorization. You can read the description of the purpose of Kwai permission application and use through [Select] - [Settings] - [Permission List] in the upper left corner of APP.
2. Function setting management
You can set up account security, interactive features, and relationship features:
Manage the Kwai account or apply for related security services through [Select] - [Settings] - [Account and Security] in the upper left corner of APP.
Manage the privacy settings of interactive and relational functions through the app's upper left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Privacy Settings], and independently decide whether to enable the relevant functions and manage the scope of consent.
Please refer to the Personal Information Settings Management for the above and other settings related to this privacy policy.
（5） Cancel account
You can apply to cancel your account through the app - Top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Account and Security] - [Cancel Account]. To ensure
Kwai will collect and verify the identity information of users and applicants, and try its best to protect the rights and interests of users. Kwai strictly abides by the provisions of laws and regulations on personal information protection, and the above information is only used for this account cancellation.
Kwai specially reminds that your account cancellation is irreversible. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, after you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. If it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security measures.
（6） Rights and Interests of the Deceased's Account
If a Kwai user dies, the account that has not been logged off can become a mourning account after the death of the user right holder. Kwai will continue to protect the security of the user's personal information in the mourning account. The close relatives of the deceased can contact us through the methods specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy. Subject to not violating the deceased's arrangements before death and not infringing on the legitimate interests of others and the public, they may access, copy, correct, or delete the deceased's personal information after completing identity verification procedures to exercise their legal and legitimate rights and interests as stipulated by laws and regulations.
5、 Protection of Minors
（1） Special rules for minors
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. We will only collect, use, share, transfer, and disclose the personal information of minors when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or other guardians, or when necessary to protect minors. If we discover that personal information of minors has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from parents or other guardians in advance, we will delete the relevant information. At the same time, we have established strict rules for the collection and use of minors' information to protect the personal information security of children (under 14 years old) and teenagers (over 14 years old but under 18 years old). You can learn more information through the app - [≡] - [About Us] - [Legal Terms] - "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice".
If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, you can contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" of this privacy policy.
（2） Protection mode for minors
We will remind you whether to open the children/teenagers mode when you enter or exit the system background for the first time every day and then enter the Kwai platform again. You can also actively turn on the child/youth mode through the app - top left corner 【≡】 - 【 Youth Mode 】.
After the children/teenagers mode is enabled, the account can only use the Kwai platform service in a specific period and duration. When exceeding a specific duration or not within a specific time period, the correct password needs to be entered to continue using. In this mode, we have selected a batch of knowledge-based, educational, and other content suitable for underage users to watch, and restricted some functions and/or services that are not suitable for their use (recharging, tipping, live streaming).
If you are a minor who has passed the real name certification, we will set your Kwai platform service to only use the children/teenagers mode.
6、 Privacy Policy Access and Update
（1） Visit this Privacy Policy
1. We will remind you of this privacy policy when you register your Kwai account for the first time and you will decide whether to agree or not. In addition, after logging in, you can view all the contents of this privacy policy at any time by going to 【 ≡】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Policy 】 in the upper left corner of the app.
2. In order to facilitate your reference and copying of this privacy policy, you can also visit the Kwai Privacy Portal.
（2） This Privacy Policy Update
1. Kwai may revise this privacy policy from time to time. Without your explicit consent or compliance with relevant laws and regulations, we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy.
2. After Kwai's privacy policy is updated, Kwai will show you the latest version in the website letter or other appropriate ways when you log in, so that you can know the latest content of this privacy policy in a timely manner.
3. For major changes, we will provide significant notifications (SMS, private messages, system notifications, pop-up prompts).
We will display the latest version and historical version of Kwai's privacy policy on Kwai's privacy portal.
7、 How to contact us
We have established a dedicated personal information protection team and responsible person. If you have any questions, complaints, opinions or suggestions regarding personal information protection, you can contact us through any of the following methods:
1. Provide feedback through the app - top left corner [≡] - [Customer Service Center] or customer service phone number 400-126-0088;
2. Send an email to: support@kuaishou.com  ；
3. Mail to the following address:
Company name: Kwai Technology Co., Ltd
Contact address: Section C, 1st Floor, Building 1, Third Street, Shangdi Information Industry Base, Haidian District, Beijing
Kwai will review the issues involved as soon as possible and reply in time after verifying your identity. Normally, we will respond to your request within fifteen working days.
Basic Function Privacy Policy
Updated on June 27th, 2024
introduction
Dear Kwai Laotie, welcome to use Kwai platform services!
Kwai platform services are operated by Kwai Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Kwai", "we"). We deeply understand the importance of personal information to you and will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements to take corresponding security measures, committed to ensuring the security and controllability of your personal information.
. For more information about our processing rules for your personal information, please click to view the detailed version《
This privacy policy is only applicable to the products and/or services under Kwai, including websites, web pages, clients and applets, as well as new service carriers emerging with the development of technology.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us through the methods specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy, and we will be happy to answer them for you. We will also revise this privacy policy from time to time based on laws, regulations, and changes in business development, and inform you in an appropriate manner.
If you are a minor over the age of 14 but under the age of 18, or do not have full capacity for civil conduct due to intellectual or mental health conditions, please read and agree to this privacy under the guidance and accompaniment of your legal guardian
Policy; If you are a minor under the age of 14, please have your legal guardian read and agree to this privacy policy for you. Please and your legal guardian pay special attention to the protection of minors.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following content
1、 Collection and Use of Personal Information
2、 Sharing, Transfer, and Disclosure of Personal Information
3、 Protection and Storage of Personal Information
4、 Your rights
5、 Protection of Minors
6、 Privacy Policy Access and Update
7、 How to contact us
1、 Collection and Use of Personal Information
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, Kwai provides short video services for video search and playing for no more than a certain period of time. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you can click "Disagree" to enter the visitor mode.
We also provide you with more diverse products and/or services. In order to implement the functions and/or services you choose to use and comply with legal and regulatory requirements, we need to collect and use your corresponding personal information and/or grant necessary permissions. If you refuse, it may result in you being unable to use the function and/or service, but it does not affect the normal use of other unrelated functions and/or services. You can manage your personal information and permissions through Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy.
If you agree to this basic function privacy policy, it only means that when you agree to use the basic function of Kwai, we will process the necessary personal information. If you use other extended functions of Kwai, we will ask for your consent when you use specific extended functions.
In specific scenarios, we will also inform you of the purpose, scope, and usage of the corresponding information collection through instant notifications (pop ups, page prompts) and feature update instructions. This type of explanation constitutes a part of this privacy policy and has the same legal effect as this privacy policy.
Generally, in order to realize the following Kwai platform functions and/or services, you will collect and use your personal information or apply for relevant permissions:
1. Account service
In order to use our rich functions and/or services (comment, like, collect, release videos), you need to provide relevant information/carry out corresponding authorization to register and log in to the Kwai platform.
: When you use your mobile phone number to register and log in, you need to provide your mobile phone number as the necessary information to complete the registration and login of the Kwai account. When you complete the registration, we will generate a public identifier for your account, that is, the Kwai number.
When you use the "one click login" service, with your consent, we and our partner network operators will use your device's mobile phone number to help you avoid password or dynamic verification code verification, achieving convenient registration and login purposes. If you do not want to use the "one click login" service, you can register and log in to the Kwai platform in other ways.
: If you use email to log in Kwai products and services, you need to provide email address and password as necessary information.
: When you use a third-party account (WeChat, QQ, Weibo) to log in to Kwai, or bind a third-party account with a Kwai account, you need to authorize us to obtain the information (nickname, avatar) under the third-party account, which is used to create and log in to Kwai accounts, and improve account information.
2. Content browsing, playback, and search
2.1 Content browsing and playback
When you browse and play Kwai platform content, we will record your
And personal internet browsing records (browsing, clicking, sharing, bookmarking), to provide you with a continuous and consistent user experience, ensuring service quality.
When providing services, we will apply to you for authorization to activate
To collect and use your
. If you do not authorize precise location information, it may affect the accuracy of positioning. We will rely on rough location information (WLAN access point (SSID, BSSID), Bluetooth and base station, sensor information, IP address information, which is collectively referred to as precise geographic location information)
）And you can use the location information provided in the relevant functions and/or services (the location independently filled in the account information, the location link added in the uploaded content) to determine your approximate location, which is used to display content and/or value-added services related to the above location information to you when you use the homepage, selection, discovery, and follow functions. On the same city page, you can also set your own city, and we will provide relevant content and/or value-added services according to your settings.
2.1.2 Landscape/Projection Mode Playback: When you use landscape mode, we need to call your acceleration, gravity, and direction sensors to detect changes in the device screen direction through sensor information and switch between landscape and portrait. When you use the projection service, in order to realize the interconnection and interworking of the equipment, we need to carry out the local network equipment detection. We will collect your hardware type, model, firmware version, regional and language settings, hardware system version number, IP address, terminal equipment type, software and hardware feature information, Internet service provider, network operator, equipment model, terminal manufacturer, terminal equipment operating system version, session start/stop time and network connection status, hard disk, CPU and memory usage.
2.2 Search
When you use the search function, we will collect your
Search instructions (text, voice, or image) and log information. In order to provide efficient search services, keyword information will be temporarily stored on your local device and displayed accordingly when you click on the search icon. You can also choose to delete all or part of the search history.
When you scan the QR code, search for products, or conduct image searches, we will apply for authorization from you to enable it
It is convenient for you to take photos or upload pictures through the album for searching. When using a scan, we will call your light sensor to adjust screen brightness, and call your linear acceleration sensor to detect device direction and angle information, helping you smoothly identify the scanned content. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
3. Social interaction
We provide you with rich social interaction functions. To help you quickly meet more friends and engage in interactive communication, we will collect and use relevant information according to the following instructions.
3.1 Content Interaction
When you engage in interactive communication, we will collect and publicly display your interaction records and content
Content (browsing, liking, commenting, following, bookmarking, forwarding, sharing, and @ other users).
When you share or receive shared content and activity information, Kwai needs to access your
Read the passwords, sharing codes, and links contained to achieve jump, sharing, benefit collection, and activity linkage services, helping users open relevant content and enhance user experience. We only recognize the clipboard content locally and upload it to the server only if it is a Kwai instruction. Additionally, when you share or save videos or images, we need to read your
Some devices may prompt that the application is reading your clipboard or photo album, but these systems do not distinguish between local processing or uploading, and there is a possibility of false positives due to differences in statistical standards among different devices. If you have any related questions, please contact us.
3.2 Message Notification
You know and agree that Kwai may provide you with relevant content, activities, services and function information that you may be interested in and/or necessary to help you conduct identity verification, security verification and user experience research through SMS, telephone, e-mail and system notification based on your authorized mobile phone number and e-mail. If you do not wish to receive relevant push messages, you can set up the relevant settings through the path provided in Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy. SMS notifications can also be unsubscribed through the methods provided in the SMS.
4. Content shooting, production, and publishing
4.1 Shooting and Production
When you use short videos, live streaming tools to shoot, produce audio, video, and image content, we will apply for authorization from you to enable it
For shooting and recording,
To achieve the upload of album content and local synchronous storage to prevent the loss of works,
To record audio. Please be informed that we will only upload the audio, video, and image content you have selected for upload, and will not upload any other information. At the same time, in order to monitor lighting, adjust brightness, and achieve angle adjustment of the captured image, we will call on light sensors and acceleration sensors to your device. During this process, you can choose to provide us with full or partial permission authorization. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
4.2 Release
When you publicly post graphic and video content, we will collect relevant content and publicly display your avatar, nickname, and the above content information.
4.2.1 Quick Upload: In order to improve the upload speed of the work to be published, enrich the publishing function, optimize the experience, and save data, before clicking the "publish" button after you finish shooting, we will start uploading the content on your device with WLAN connection and temporarily load and save it to our server. But please be aware that this feature will not release such works in advance, and will only submit them for publication when you click the "publish" button. If you cancel the publication or fail to upload for other reasons, we will immediately delete the relevant content. You can disable this feature through the path provided in Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy.
4.2.2 Scope of Publication and Authorized Use: You can choose the public scope of your work before publication, which includes "private" (only visible to yourself), "partially visible", and "public". You can also choose whether your work "allows others to share the same frame with me", "allows reposting", or "allows downloading of this work" to authorize other users to use the content information you have posted.
5. Personalized recommendations
5.1 Personalized recommendation service
In order to show and recommend more relevant content to you and provide more services that meet your requirements, we will collect and use your browsing, playing, and search records in the process of using Kwai platform services, and combine the legally collected equipment information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）、 Based on your preferred features, log information and other authorized information will be pushed to you, including pages, videos, live content, search results, friends you may know, commercial advertisements, services, and features that you may be interested in. If you authorize us to provide personalized recommendations based on your location information on the homepage, live streaming, or shopping mall page, we will also collect your location information in the corresponding functions for personalized recommendations. You can make relevant settings for the above services through the path provided in "5.3 Personalized Recommendation Management" of this privacy policy.
5.2 Personalized recommendation operation mechanism
Personalized recommendations will be based on algorithmic models to predict your preference features, match content, services, or other information that you may be interested in, and rank the information presented to you. We will give real-time feedback on the recommendation model and constantly adjust and optimize the recommendation results according to your personal online records during the service process of Kwai platform. To meet your diverse needs, we will introduce diversified recommendation techniques in the sorting process to expand the recommended content and avoid excessive concentration of similar content.
5.3 Personalized recommendation management
5.3.1 If you do not wish to be recommended personalized content, you can select whether to "display personalized recommended videos" through the app ->Settings ->Usage Information Management ->Personalized Content Recommendation. After closing, you will no longer receive content recommendations based on your personal interests. Understand and manage personalized recommendations
You can also adjust the recommendation strength of your preferred content type based on your preferences through the app's top left corner [≡] - [Content Preferences].
5.3.2 You can independently manage the push of personalized advertising information. You can choose whether to "display personalized ads" through the app - Top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Usage Information Management] - [Personalized Content Recommendation]. After closing, the relevance of your promotional videos will decrease, but the number of promotional videos you see will not change. Understand and manage advertising push notifications
The specific situation shall be subject to the actual situation of each mobile phone manufacturer.
5.3.4 If you are not interested in specific content or wish to reduce the recommendation of a certain type of content, you can long press the content and select "not interested". We will adjust the recommendation strategy based on your feedback. At the same time, we also provide a "playback feedback" portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
5.3.5 If you believe that any decision in our personalized recommendation service is made through automated decision-making and has a significant impact on your personal rights, you can use this
The privacy policy states' How to contact us' and requests us to provide an explanation, while rejecting decisions made solely through automated decision-making.
6. Customer Service
To provide you with customer service, we may require you to provide necessary personal information for identity verification to ensure the security of your account. In order to facilitate contact with you, help you solve the problem as soon as possible, or record the solution and results of related issues, we may collect the following relevant information: contact information (the phone number/email address you used to contact us or other contact information you voluntarily provided to us), your communication information (text/pictures/audio/video/call records between you and us or relevant personnel), and other necessary information（
Other information you provide to prove relevant facts.
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use the following relevant information from you: the information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in surveys.
7. APP adaptation and operational security guarantee
7.1 In order to provide you with high-quality and reliable content and services, maintain the normal and stable operation of products and functions, protect the security and legitimate interests of you or other users or the public from infringement through anti cheating and anti fraud, better prevent malicious programs, phishing websites, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or related rules of the Kwai platform, we need to collect, use and integrate your device information, log information, sensor information, and other information you authorize (information collected from partners after obtaining your authorization according to law) to judge account security, transaction security, conduct identity verification, identify violations, detect and prevent security events. and take necessary records, analysis Disposal measures. We will only access your installed application information (application package name) or running process information, overall application operation, usage and frequency, application crash situation, overall installation and usage situation, performance data, and application source when user behavior triggers risk control conditions (multiple incorrect password inputs, frequent remote login, risky account, abnormal payment amount, abnormal withdrawal behavior), and only upload package name information of uncommon apps.
Device identifiers formed by other comprehensive device parameters and system information, different identifiers may have different validity periods, whether they can be reset by users, acquisition methods, and different system aspects), network related information (Bluetooth, IP address, network operator, network status, type, access method, network quality data), device parameter information (device name, device model), software and hardware operating system information (this application version, operating system, language, resolution).
Log information: Personal online records of operations and usage (browsing, playing, searching, liking, following, bookmarking, commenting, downloading, sharing, trading).
Please understand that when you switch Kwai to the background operation of the device, due to some device models and system reasons, the information collection behavior that you used Kwai related functions may not be stopped immediately, resulting in a temporary background information collection behavior.
When conducting research and statistical analysis to improve operational quality and efficiency, we will de identify the personal information mentioned above and will not associate it with your true identity. The above de identification information will be used to improve the content and layout of the Kwai platform, provide product or service support for business decisions, and improve the products and services we provide on the platform.
7.3 When you use the interactive advertising function (shaking and twisting the screen) that needs to interact with the device, we will call the gyroscope, magnetic field and acceleration sensor of the device to identify and judge the status of your device. We will only call the above sensors when you use the interactive advertising function, and will not call them in other undisclosed functions or scenes.
7.4 In order to maintain a true and orderly platform atmosphere, build a more healthy and high-quality network ecosystem, and reduce bad rumor mongering, according to the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, Kwai will display the IP address attribution information in your personal homepage, works and comments. Among them, domestic displays are displayed to provinces (regions, cities), and overseas displays are displayed to countries (regions), subject to the data of network operators.
8. Indirectly collecting personal information from third parties
We will not proactively obtain your personal information from third parties. If it is necessary to obtain your personal information from a third party in order to implement relevant functions and services, we will confirm that the third party has obtained your authorization for the relevant personal information, or that the third party is legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. If the personal information processing activities required for our services exceed the scope of your authorization when providing personal information to third parties, we will obtain your explicit consent.
9. Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and similar device information identification technology are widely used in the Internet. When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") to your device to collect and identify information when you use Kwai platform services.
The use of cookies is mainly to ensure the security and efficient operation of product functions and services, to confirm the security status of your account and transactions, and to investigate related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays; Help you avoid the steps and processes of repeatedly filling out forms and entering search content, for a more relaxed user experience; At the same time, we may also use the above technologies to recommend, display, and push content that interests you, optimizing your selection and interaction of content. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy.
You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Most browsers provide users with the function to clear browser cache data. You can operate to clear cookie data in the browser settings. In addition, you can also clear all cookies saved in the software. But after clearing, we may not be able to use the functions or services provided by us that rely on cookies.
10. Third party
SDK and API technology
Some features and/or services require the use of third-party SDK (or API) technology. Please be aware that these third-party SDKs (or APIs) may collect or use some of your personal information (see details)
）. We will conduct strict security checks on relevant SDKs (or APIs) and take technical measures to ensure that they process personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. In addition, we will also sign agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share user information to regulate the use of user information.
11. Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to laws and regulations, your consent is not required for processing your personal information in the following situations:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with legally established labor regulations and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) Implementing news reporting and public opinion supervision for the public interest, and processing your personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
2、 Sharing, Transfer, and Disclosure of Personal Information
（1） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with third parties unless, for the purposes stated in this privacy policy, we need to share your personal information with affiliated companies or third-party partners (service providers, network operators, device manufacturers, and other partners) in the following scenarios. We will adhere to the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity, carefully evaluate the processing purposes and security capabilities of our partners, and sign relevant agreements in accordance with legal provisions. At the same time, we will strictly supervise and manage our partners. Once any violation or breach of contract is found, we will immediately cease cooperation and hold them legally responsible.
The relevant cooperation scenarios are as follows:
To achieve relevant functions and services
1.1 Login and Social Services: In order to provide you with third-party registration, login, and sharing services, our login and social service partners (WeChat, QQ, Weibo) may use your device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
1.2 Third party merchants on the platform: In order to assist you in purchasing goods/services from third-party merchants, making appointments for goods/services, displaying customized discount information from third-party merchants, or providing you with after-sales service, we will share your order and transaction related information and/or account identification information with third-party merchants on the platform.
1.3 Payment Services: In order to ensure transaction security and complete payment for goods/services, third-party payment institutions we cooperate with may need to process your order information and device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
1.4 Logistics Services: In order to accurately and safely deliver and distribute the goods (purchased or collected through activities) to you, third-party logistics companies will inevitably obtain your relevant delivery information during the shipping and distribution process.
1.5 Message Notification: In order to adapt the message push function to the device you are using, device manufacturers (Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, VIVO) will use your device model, version, and related device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
1.6 Customer Service: In order to promptly handle your complaints, suggestions, and other appeals, the customer service provider needs to use your account and related information to understand, process, and respond to your needs in a timely manner. If necessary, it may also be necessary to use your mobile phone number or other communication methods to contact you.
2. Advertising
Based on our business model, we will conduct advertising push and placement. In order to achieve advertising push and placement, and to help us evaluate, analyze, optimize, and measure the effectiveness of advertising placement, we may need to share some of your information and data with advertisers, service providers, suppliers, and third-party partners (collectively referred to as "advertising partners"). We will use techniques such as de identification, anonymization, or encryption algorithms to process the data.
Tag information, or our use of de identified or anonymized information from advertising partners (operators)
, tag information, and may be combined with other legally collected data to optimize and enhance the effective reach of advertising push and placement.
Tag information, log information (ad clicks, views, displays), and ad conversion data are used to evaluate, analyze, monitor, and measure the effectiveness of ad push and delivery services, in order to provide more suitable ad content for you; Advertisers and/or their authorized service providers may require us to share some or all of the aforementioned information for operational analysis of user sources, optimization of advertising strategies, or improvement of their products and services.
2.3 Personal Information Collection and Reminder in Advertising Scenarios: You may need to actively fill in and submit corresponding personal information (contact information, address, specific information type subject to page display) in the landing pages of relevant third-party advertising push and placement. These information may be collected and processed by advertisers or their commissioned advertising partners.
3. Implement security and statistical analysis
To comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, including account information and log information, in order to avoid fraud, prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
3.2 Product Analysis: In order to analyze the stability and adaptability of our products and/or services, service partners may need to use product service logs (log information of product crashes and crashes), device information (OAID AndroidID、IDFA）。
（2） Transfer
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. We will require the recipient to continue fulfilling the obligations stipulated in this privacy policy. The recipient changes the original processing purpose and processing party
It will seek your consent again.
（3） Publicly available
We will not proactively disclose information that you have not disclosed on your own, unless we comply with national laws and regulations or obtain your consent.
（4） Exceptions for sharing, transferring, and disclosing personal information
According to laws and regulations, sharing, transferring, or disclosing your personal information does not require your consent in the following situations:
1. It is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
2. Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
3. Necessary for responding to sudden public health emergencies or protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. Implement news reporting and public opinion supervision for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable range;
5. In accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law, process personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope;
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
3、 Protection and Storage of Personal Information
（1） Information security system assurance
To ensure your information security, we strive to adopt various reasonable physical, electronic, and management security measures that comply with industry standards (SSL, information encryption storage, data center access control) to protect your information, so that your information will not be leaked, damaged, or lost. We have an advanced data security management system with data as the core and around the data life cycle, which improves the security of the Kwai service system from the multi-dimensional aspects of organization construction, system design, personnel management, product technology, and personal information protection impact assessment.
At present, we have passed the Level 3 certification for information security protection, as well as the internationally authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and ISO27701 privacy information management certification.
（2） Information Security Management System
We have established a dedicated security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt strict data usage and access regulations to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information. We will regularly provide security education and training to personnel, and conduct security audits on data and technology in a timely manner.
At the same time, we have also established
Maintained by a professional security technology and operations team, it facilitates timely and effective response and disposal of various security vulnerabilities and emergencies, and collaborates with relevant departments to trace and combat security incidents. Once a personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, and push notifications. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of security incidents such as data breaches in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities.
（3） Account security risk prevention
When using certain services, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information (phone number, bank account information) to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust transactions through third-party products or services to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account and password, please contact us immediately through the information provided in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy so that we can take appropriate measures. You can also independently set up "account freeze", "account unfreeze", and "account protection" through the app's top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Account and Security].
（4） Information storage
1. Storage location
Kwai will store personal information collected and generated during its operations in China in accordance with laws and regulations. If your personal information storage location is transferred from within China to overseas, we will strictly comply with legal provisions or obtain your separate consent.
2. Storage period
Generally speaking, we only retain your personal information for the time necessary to achieve the purpose and within the retention period specified by laws and regulations. After exceeding the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If the Kwai platform terminates its service or operation, we will notify you of the termination in advance in the form of delivery or announcement, and delete your personal information or conduct anonymous processing within a reasonable period after the termination of the service or operation.
4、 Your rights
We attach great importance to your rights as a personal information subject and make every effort to protect your control over your personal information. After completing the registration and login of the Kwai account, you can exercise the relevant rights in the following ways (the right exercise path of each related product may be inconsistent, subject to the actual situation), and we will respond to your request in compliance with the requirements of laws and regulations. At the same time, you can also contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" in this privacy policy to exercise your relevant rights.
（1） Accessing, copying, and transferring personal information
You can access, copy, and transfer personal information through the following methods:
1. Search and copy. You can view your personal information collected by Kwai through [Select] - [Settings] - [Personal Information Collection List] in the upper left corner of APP.
You can copy and download your personal information through the app - Top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Personal Information Management] - [Personal Information View and Download] - [Personal Information Download].
2. Transfer. You can contact us through the methods specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy. After verifying your identity, we will provide you or your designated third-party recipient with a copy of your personal information.
（2） Correction and supplementation of personal information
When you find that the personal information we process about you is inaccurate or incomplete, after verifying your identity, you can submit your correction or supplementary application through feedback and error reporting
Leave it to us. You can also correct and supplement your personal information through the app's upper left corner [≡] - [Settings] and app - [Me].
In general, you can correct or supplement the information you submit at any time, but for security and identity verification (number appeal service) reasons, some initial registration and verification information provided during registration are not subject to change.
（3） Delete personal information
You can delete some of your information through the path listed in "(2) Correction and Supplement of Personal Information" above, or apply to cancel your account and delete all of your information.
In the following situations, you can also request us to delete your personal information:
1. The processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
2. Stop providing products or services, or the retention period has expired;
3. You withdraw your consent;
4. Handling personal information in violation of laws and regulations or agreements;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
When you delete information from our service, due to applicable laws and security technology restrictions, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will cease processing other than storage and take necessary security measures until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
（4） Withdrawal of consent and modification of permissions
Please understand that each function and/or service requires some basic personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent, we cannot continue to provide you with the function and/or service corresponding to the withdrawal of consent, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw consent does not affect the validity of the personal information processing activities that have been carried out based on personal consent before the withdrawal.
1. System permission management
You can directly access the device system's settings function
Location, contacts, microphone, camera, photo album, calendar, storage, phone status, notifications
Manage permissions (the names of system permissions for different devices may vary, based on the system permission name of the device you are using) to change the scope of authorization or revoke your authorization. You can read the description of the purpose of Kwai permission application and use through [Select] - [Settings] - [Permission List] in the upper left corner of APP.
2. Function setting management
You can set up account security, interactive features, and relationship features:
Manage the Kwai account or apply for related security services through [Select] - [Settings] - [Account and Security] in the upper left corner of APP.
Manage the privacy settings of interactive and relational functions through the app's upper left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Privacy Settings], and independently decide whether to enable the relevant functions and manage the scope of consent.
Please refer to the above and other settings related to this privacy policy
（5） Cancel account
You can apply to cancel your account through the app - Top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Account and Security] - [Cancel Account]. To ensure that it is the corresponding user or the subject authorized by the user who applies for account cancellation, Kwai will collect and verify the identity information of the user and the applicant, and try its best to protect the rights and interests of the user. Kwai strictly abides by the provisions of laws and regulations on personal information protection, and the above information is only used for this account cancellation.
Kwai specially reminds that your account cancellation is irreversible. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, after you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. If it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security measures.
（6） Rights and Interests of the Deceased's Account
If a Kwai user dies, the account that has not been logged off can become a mourning account after the death of the user right holder. Kwai will continue to protect the security of the user's personal information in the mourning account. The close relatives of the deceased can contact us through the methods specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy. Subject to not violating the deceased's arrangements before death and not infringing on the legitimate interests of others and the public, they may access, copy, correct, or delete the deceased's personal information after completing identity verification procedures to exercise their legal and legitimate rights and interests as stipulated by laws and regulations.
5、 Protection of Minors
（1） Special rules for minors
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. We will only collect, use, share, transfer, and disclose the personal information of minors when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or other guardians, or when necessary to protect minors. If we discover that personal information of minors has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from parents or other guardians in advance, we will delete the relevant information. At the same time, we have established strict rules for the collection and use of information on minors to protect the personal information security of children (under 14 years old) and teenagers (over 14 years old but under 18 years old). You can click on the app - [≡] - [About Us] - [Legal Terms]-《
》Learn more information.
If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, you can contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" of this privacy policy.
（2） Protection mode for minors
We will remind you whether to open the children/teenagers mode when you enter or exit the system background for the first time every day and then enter the Kwai platform again. You can also actively turn on the child/youth mode through the app - top left corner 【≡】 - 【 Youth Mode 】.
After the children/teenagers mode is enabled, the account can only use the Kwai platform service in a specific period and duration. When exceeding a specific duration or not within a specific time period, the correct password needs to be entered to continue using. In this mode, we have selected a batch of knowledge-based, educational, and other content suitable for underage users to watch, and restricted some functions and/or services that are not suitable for their use (recharging, tipping, live streaming).
If you are a minor who has passed the real name certification, we will set your Kwai platform service to only use the children/teenagers mode.
6、 Privacy Policy Access and Update
（1） Visit this Privacy Policy
1. We will remind you of this privacy policy when you register your Kwai account for the first time and you will decide whether to agree or not. Additionally, after logging in, you can access the app by clicking on the top left corner
【≡】【 Settings 】【 Privacy Policy 】 View all the contents of this privacy policy at any time.
Conduct a visit.
（2） This Privacy Policy Update
1. Kwai may revise this privacy policy from time to time. Without your explicit consent or compliance with relevant laws and regulations, we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy.
2. After Kwai's privacy policy is updated, Kwai will show you the latest version in the website letter or other appropriate ways when you log in, so that you can know the latest content of this privacy policy in a timely manner.
3. For major changes, we will provide significant notifications (SMS, private messages, system notifications, pop-up prompts).
Display the latest version and historical version of Kwai privacy policy.
7、 How to contact us
We have established a dedicated personal information protection team and responsible person. If you have any questions, complaints, opinions or suggestions regarding personal information protection, you can contact us through any of the following methods:
1. Provide feedback through the app - top left corner [≡] - [Customer Service Center] or customer service phone number 400-126-0088;
2. Send an email to: support@kuaishou.com  ；
3. Mail to the following address:
Company name: Kwai Technology Co., Ltd
Contact address: Section C, 1st Floor, Building 1, Third Street, Shangdi Information Industry Base, Haidian District, Beijing
Kwai will review the issues involved as soon as possible and reply in time after verifying your identity. Normally, we will respond to your request within fifteen working days.
Dear Kwai Laotie, welcome to use Kwai platform services!
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, Kwai provides short video services for video search and playback for a period of time. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you can click "Disagree" to enter the visitor mode.
We also provide you with more diverse products and/or services. In order to implement the functions and/or services you choose to use and comply with legal and regulatory requirements, we need to collect and use your corresponding personal information and/or grant necessary permissions. If you refuse, it may result in you being unable to use the function and/or service, but it does not affect the normal use of other unrelated functions and/or services. You can manage your personal information and permissions through Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy.
In specific scenarios, we will also inform you of the purpose, scope, and usage of the corresponding information collection through instant notifications (pop ups, page prompts) and feature update instructions. This type of explanation constitutes a part of this privacy policy and has the same legal effect as this privacy policy.
In order to use our rich functions and/or services (comment, like, collect, release videos), you need to provide relevant information/carry out corresponding authorization to register and log in to the Kwai platform.
When you use the "one click login" service, with your consent, we and our partner network operators will use your device's mobile phone number to help you avoid password or dynamic verification code verification, achieving convenient registration and login purposes. If you do not want to use the "one click login" service, you can register and log in to the Kwai platform in other ways.
We provide you with rich social interaction functions. To help you quickly meet more friends and engage in interactive communication, we will collect and use relevant information according to the following instructions.
When you engage in interactive communication, we will collect and publicly display your interaction records and content (browsing, liking, commenting, following, bookmarking, forwarding, sharing, and @ other users).
Some devices may prompt that the application is reading your clipboard or photo album, but these systems do not distinguish between local processing or uploading, and there is a possibility of false positives due to differences in statistical standards among different devices. If you have any related questions, please contact us.
You know and agree that Kwai may provide you with relevant content, activities, services and function information that you may be interested in and/or necessary to help you conduct identity verification, security verification and user experience research through SMS, telephone, e-mail and system notification based on your authorized mobile phone number and e-mail. If you do not wish to receive relevant push messages, you can set up the relevant settings through the path provided in Section 4 "Your Rights" of this Privacy Policy. SMS notifications can also be unsubscribed through the methods provided in the SMS.
When you publicly post graphic and video content, we will collect relevant content and publicly display your avatar, nickname, and the above content information.
You can also adjust the recommendation strength of your preferred content type based on your preferences through the app's top left corner [≡] - [Content Preferences].
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use the following relevant information from you: the information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in surveys.
Log information: Personal online records of operations and usage (browsing, playing, searching, liking, following, bookmarking, commenting, downloading, sharing, trading).
Please understand that when you switch Kwai to the background operation of the device, due to some device models and system reasons, the information collection behavior that you used Kwai related functions may not be stopped immediately, resulting in a temporary background information collection behavior.
We will not proactively obtain your personal information from third parties. If it is necessary to obtain your personal information from a third party in order to implement relevant functions and services, we will confirm that the third party has obtained your authorization for the relevant personal information, or that the third party is legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. If the personal information processing activities required for our services exceed the scope of your authorization when providing personal information to third parties, we will obtain your explicit consent.
You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Most browsers provide users with the function to clear browser cache data. You can operate to clear cookie data in the browser settings. In addition, you can also clear all cookies saved in the software. But after clearing, we may not be able to use the functions or services provided by us that rely on cookies.
According to laws and regulations, you will be dealt with in the following situations
Personal information does not require your consent:
We will not share your personal information with third parties unless, for the purposes stated in this privacy policy, we need to share your personal information with affiliated companies or third-party partners (service providers, network operators, device manufacturers, and other partners) in the following scenarios. We will adhere to the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity, carefully evaluate the processing purposes and security capabilities of our partners, and sign relevant agreements in accordance with legal provisions. At the same time, we will strictly supervise and manage our partners. Once any violation or breach of contract is found, we will immediately cease cooperation and hold them legally responsible.
The relevant cooperation scenarios are as follows:
Based on our business model, we will conduct advertising push and placement. In order to achieve advertising push and placement, and to help us evaluate, analyze, optimize, and measure the effectiveness of advertising placement, we may need to share some of your information and data with advertisers, service providers, suppliers, and third-party partners (collectively referred to as "advertising partners"). We will use techniques such as de identification, anonymization, or encryption algorithms to process the data.
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. We will require the recipient to continue fulfilling the obligations stipulated in this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will seek your consent again.
We will not proactively disclose information that you have not disclosed on your own, unless we comply with national laws and regulations or obtain your consent.
According to laws and regulations, sharing, transferring, or disclosing your personal information does not require your consent in the following situations:
To ensure your information security, we strive to adopt various reasonable physical, electronic, and management security measures that comply with industry standards (SSL, information encryption storage, data center access control) to protect your information, so that your information will not be leaked, damaged, or lost. We have an advanced data security management system with data as the core and around the data life cycle, which improves the security of the Kwai service system from the multi-dimensional aspects of organization construction, system design, personnel management, product technology, and personal information protection impact assessment.
At present, we have passed the Level 3 certification for information security protection, as well as the internationally authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and ISO27701 privacy information management certification.
We have established a dedicated security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt strict data usage and access regulations to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information. We will regularly provide security education and training to personnel, and conduct security audits on data and technology in a timely manner.
When using certain services, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information (phone number, bank account information) to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust transactions through third-party products or services to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account and password, please contact us immediately through the information provided in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy so that we can take appropriate measures. You can also independently set up "account freeze", "account unfreeze", and "account protection" through the app's top left corner [≡] - [Settings] - [Account and Security].
Kwai will store personal information collected and generated during its operations in China in accordance with laws and regulations. If your personal information storage location is transferred from within China to overseas, we will strictly comply with legal provisions or obtain your separate consent.
If the Kwai platform terminates its service or operation, we will notify you of the termination in advance in the form of delivery or announcement, and delete your personal information or conduct anonymous processing within a reasonable period after the termination of the service or operation.
We attach great importance to your rights as a personal information subject and make every effort to protect your control over your personal information. After completing the registration and login of the Kwai account, you can exercise the relevant rights in the following ways (the right exercise path of each related product may be inconsistent, subject to the actual situation), and we will respond to your request in compliance with the requirements of laws and regulations. At the same time, you can also contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" in this privacy policy to exercise your relevant rights.
When you find that the personal information we process about you is inaccurate or incomplete, after verifying your identity, you can submit your correction or supplementary application to us through feedback and error reporting. You can also correct and supplement your personal information through the app's upper left corner [≡] - [Settings] and app - [Me].
In the following situations, you can also request us to delete your personal information:
Please understand that each function and/or service requires some basic personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent, we cannot continue to provide you with the function and/or service corresponding to the withdrawal of consent, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw consent does not affect the validity of the personal information processing activities that have been carried out based on personal consent before the withdrawal.
You can set up account security, interactive features, and relationship features:
If a Kwai user dies, the account that has not been logged off can become a mourning account after the death of the user right holder. Kwai will continue to protect the security of the user's personal information in the mourning account. The close relatives of the deceased can contact us through the methods specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy. Subject to not violating the deceased's arrangements before death and not infringing on the legitimate interests of others and the public, they may access, copy, correct, or delete the deceased's personal information after completing identity verification procedures to exercise their legal and legitimate rights and interests as stipulated by laws and regulations.
If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, you can contact us through the methods specified in "How to Contact Us" of this privacy policy.
Children/Adolescents
After the annual mode is enabled, the account can only use the Kwai platform services within a specific period and duration. When exceeding a specific duration or not within a specific time period, the correct password needs to be entered to continue using. In this mode, we have selected a batch of knowledge-based, educational, and other content suitable for underage users to watch, and restricted some functions and/or services that are not suitable for their use (recharging, tipping, live streaming).
If you are a minor who has passed the real name certification, we will set your Kwai platform service to only use the children/teenagers mode.
We have established a dedicated personal information protection team and responsible person. If you have any questions, complaints, opinions or suggestions regarding personal information protection, you can contact us through any of the following methods:
Company name: Kwai Technology Co., Ltd
Contact address: Section C, 1st Floor, Building 1, Third Street, Shangdi Information Industry Base, Haidian District, Beijing
Kwai will review the issues involved as soon as possible and reply in time after verifying your identity. Normally, we will respond to your request within fifteen working days.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile.
