"Tiktok" refers to Tiktok (including Tiktok Volcano Edition, Tiktok Extreme Edition, Tiktok Chat and Social Related Services Edition - Multiflash, Tiktok Music Edition - Soda Music, Tiktok's medium and long video version - Tiktok Selection (formerly known as "Qingtao Video"), Tiktok's Internet TV/interactive network TV platform - Xianshiguang, Tiktok VR live broadcast, Tiktok Live Companion, Tiktok Mall, Tiktok's Life Community - Kesong and other related versions.
We hope you will carefully read and understand this privacy policy before using Tiktok and related services, so as to make appropriate choices.
outline
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Mobile Internet Applications, Tiktok belongs to short video applications. Combined with the definition of basic function services of this category, and combined with the daily use of users in Tiktok, we have defined the scope of basic services, including content browsing, search, account services, information publishing, interactive communication and other functions. If you wish us to collect necessary information from you only within the limits of fulfilling legal obligations, you can click on the "Understand Basic Function Mode" or relevant settings button to learn about the mode and choose to set it up. In this mode, we can only provide you with basic video browsing and search functions for a certain duration.
The important terms regarding your personal information rights have been highlighted in bold, please pay special attention.
The actual functions of Tiktok and Tiktok's associated versions may be slightly different, but if the associated version does not have an independent privacy policy, we will follow this privacy policy to collect and process your personal information. If the associated version of Tiktok has an independent privacy policy, the privacy policy of the associated version also applies. If there is any inconsistency between this privacy policy and the associated version of the privacy policy, the associated version of the privacy policy shall apply. The application types and underlying services of other associated versions shall be defined in the corresponding associated version user agreement and privacy policy (if any).
In addition to this privacy policy, in specific scenarios, we may also inform you of the corresponding information collection purpose, scope, and usage methods through instant notifications (including pop ups, page prompts, etc.), feature update instructions, etc. These instant notifications and feature update instructions constitute a part of this privacy policy and have the same legal effect as this privacy policy.
Important information regarding your personal information rights has been highlighted in bold, please pay special attention.
1. How do we collect and use personal information
2. Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
3. Manage your personal information
4. How do we protect the security of personal information
5. How do we store personal information
How do we protect minors
7. Consultation and Revision of Privacy Policy
8. Contact Us
How do we collect and use personal information
1.1 Account Services
1.1.1 Registration and Login
When you register, log in to Tiktok and use related services, you can create an account through your mobile number, and you can improve the relevant network identification information (Tiktok number, avatar, nickname, password). We collect this information to help you complete the registration. Collecting mobile phone numbers is a necessary information to fulfill the requirements of national laws and regulations on network real name system (real identity information authentication). If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number for registration and login, we may not be able to provide you with information publishing (including sending videos, comments, etc.) functions.
Based on our cooperation with communication operators, when you use the "one click login" function, with your consent, we will use the function provided by the operator to use the phone number in your device as your registration and login account, and exempt you from password or dynamic verification code verification, providing you with fast registration and login services. If you do not want to use the "one button login" function, you can register and log in to Tiktok through other methods.
In order to allow you to log in to Tiktok more safely and conveniently, we provide you with a face brushing login service on some devices. When you log in, you can provide us with your facial image or video. This information is only used to compare with the information you have left on the platform to verify your identity. The facial image or video belongs to your personal sensitive information. We only receive verification results and do not store the facial image or video you provided during the login process; If you do not need to use facial recognition login service, you can also choose other login methods.
You can use a third-party account to register and log in to Tiktok, but you need to authorize us to obtain your information on the third-party platform (public information such as avatar, nickname and other information authorized by you), which is used to generate a Tiktok account bound to the third-party account, so that you can directly register, log in and use Tiktok and related services. In some cases, we need to re verify and bind your mobile phone number to confirm the authenticity and relevance of the third-party account.
If you forget the login method of your Tiktok, you can use the password recovery function. To ensure the security of your account, we may require you to fill in relevant information for verification, and if necessary, we may verify your identity through methods such as real identity verification.
1.1.2 Real name authentication
Real identity information (real name, ID number or facial information, may vary depending on the actual situation)
Real identity information
Real name authentication information
1.1.3 Account Public Information
Number of followers and followers list, number of fans and followers list
1.1.4 Tiktok Unified Account and Associated Version
Unless otherwise specified
All use the unified Tiktok account service
You can use the Tiktok account to conveniently log in and use the associated version of Tiktok to use the services or functions of the corresponding version. In order to provide a consistent service experience in each associated version of Tiktok, we use the SDK or related technologies to synchronize the accounts and content in Tiktok and the associated version, which may include: shared nickname, avatar, region, gender and other account information that you set as public; Synchronize user relationships such as followers and fans; Synchronize your use
The content published by this account; Synchronize other information authorized by you.
1.2 Content browsing and searching
Geographic location information (such as precise positioning information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth and base stations, sensor information)
Geographic location link
The precise positioning information is personal sensitive information,
Short video browsing and searching are the basic functions of Tiktok, among which we will provide you with non personalized high-quality content and search results. How to use basic functions and related personal information, please refer to section 3.1.1 of this privacy policy.
When you play videos and other content, in order to adapt to the status of your device, we will call the device's gravity, acceleration, gyroscope and other sensors to recognize the horizontal and vertical screen status of your device.
1.3 Information Release
1.3.1 Audio and video, graphics and text, live streaming
Camera, photo album, microphone permissions.
1.3.2 Tools
When you use the props, special effects, filters, stickers and other tools provided in Tiktok to shoot and release content, we will use acceleration sensors, gyroscope sensors, gravity sensors and other equipment sensors according to your operation and the type of tools you use to adapt to the tools you choose. Some tools need to process your personal information: (1) If you choose to use a tool that fits the face in the image when shooting content, we need to recognize your facial feature information to provide better visual effects. During this process, unless otherwise specified and with your separate consent, we will not transmit, store, or provide the aforementioned information to third parties. The aforementioned information will only be processed locally on your device (such as your mobile phone). Special effects or creative tools that use AI capabilities may need to upload your images to the server for processing due to technical reasons. Please rest assured that unless otherwise specified, we will immediately delete the images you uploaded after returning the special effects to you. (2) If you choose to use geographical location stickers when shooting or editing content, with your authorization, we will use your geographical location information to generate stickers. The stickers will be publicly displayed in the content. If you refuse to authorize, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your use of other functions of Tiktok. (3) We will use the geographical location information authorized by you to recommend optional geographical location links (referred to as "geographical location anchors") for you on the work publishing page; If you refuse authorization, you can also search or use the cities or districts we recommend to you on your own. If you select images/videos from the album when publishing, we will also use the location information from the media information that comes with the image/video when recommending geographic location anchors. You can control the acquisition of this information through the path described in section 3.1.4 of this privacy policy. Before you choose, the geographic anchor points recommended for you on the work release page are only visible to you personally; After your selection, the geographic anchor point you have chosen will be displayed on your artwork. (4) If you add mini programs or games provided by third-party developers when publishing, the third-party developers will collect and process the information required to implement the functions. Unless otherwise stated, we do not directly process your personal information collected by the third-party developer.
1.4 Interactive communication
1.4.1 Adding Friends
You can scan other users' Tiktok QR codes by scanning them and add them as friends; After you authorize the phone album or storage permission, you can also select the pictures containing other users' Tiktok QR codes in the album, scan them and add friends. You can also add friends by searching for nicknames, Tiktok numbers, etc. When you add or delete friends in Tiktok, we will create/adjust the friends list, followers and fan relationships.
1.4.2 Recommended by friends
We may recommend friends to you based on your and other users' authorized phone numbers, contact lists, followers, fans, or other relationships, or the information you and other users choose to display on your personal homepage, as well as your and other users' interactive behaviors. We will request access to the address book and use it to recommend friends to users after applying high-strength encryption algorithms to the information in the address book. Please be informed that if other users upload contact information such as your contact details in their contact list, the system may also recommend friends to you or recommend you to the corresponding users based on this information. We will recommend nearby people to users based on their authorized geographic location information. Therefore, after you authorize the geographic location permission, you will receive the nearby friends we recommend to you and recommend you as a nearby friend to other users. When you use features such as "Shake" or "Shake" that require matching with other users based on their geographic location, with your authorization, we will use geographic location information related to the feature (such as precise positioning information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base stations) to complete the matching and recommendation. The precise location information is personal sensitive information. If you refuse to authorize location permission, you will not be able to use this matching function, but it will not affect the use of other functions in Tiktok.
1.4.3 Interaction with friends
When you interact with Tiktok friends, we may collect your interaction information to maintain the stability of the service. When you use the group function for interactive communication, we collect information related to the group and its members, and form a group list. Tiktok users who follow each other (referred to as "mutual friends") can see each other's active/online status in Tiktok. Active/online status refers to whether the account is online or has been online for a certain period of time. You can turn off this feature, and once turned off, neither you nor your friends will be able to see each other's active/online status. If you @ other users when posting content or commenting, browse, forward, share other users' content, visit other users' personal pages, or co create videos with other users, we will record your interactions with them. Among them, you can choose not to show the other party your visit to your personal homepage and browsing content.
1.4.4 Interaction in Live Streaming Room
If you are the host of the live broadcast, your Tiktok nickname and avatar will be displayed in the live broadcast room. At the same time, interactive information and statistical data such as comments, gifts, likes, number of online viewers, and live streaming duration that you receive in the live streaming room will also be publicly displayed.
If you are the user watching the live broadcast, your Tiktok nickname, avatar, gender, age and other public account information, as well as the interactive information in the live broadcast room (interactive information includes but
Not limited to comments, gifts, live streaming status, etc., will be publicly displayed in the live streaming room. At the same time, we will generate statistical data (such as rankings, popularity, etc.) based on your interactive activity in the live streaming room and display it publicly.
In order to provide you with high-quality interactive services, your Tiktok nickname, avatar and other account public information as well as interactive information (such as attention, comments, likes, gifts, etc.) between the live studio and the anchor will probably be synchronized to the anchor for viewing.
1.4.5 "Shake", "Shake", "Walk" and other interactive activities that rely on actions
When you engage in interactive activities or activities that rely on actions such as "shake", "shake", "walk", etc., we will use your acceleration sensor, gyroscope sensor, gravity sensor, step counter sensor, gait detection sensor and other device sensors (pure sensor data does not belong to personal information) to identify your actions, for activity participation or to show you the next interactive scene, or to provide you with continuous motion records for your participation in the activity.
1.5 Algorithms and Automated Decision Making
In order to provide you with rich and diverse product features and services, our product features use some algorithm services. You can click here to view the various algorithm services we use, their algorithm filing status, and their basic principles, purpose intentions, and main operating mechanisms to help you fully understand the algorithm services we use and protect your right to know and choose.
Under the premise of being processed by secure encryption technology, strictly de identified, and unable to re identify specific individuals, we may use the collected data for algorithm model optimization and continuously adjust the effectiveness of the algorithm. We will not use it for any other purpose without your consent.
1.5.1 Personalized Recommendations
In order to show and recommend more relevant information to you and provide services that better meet your requirements, Tiktok will collect and use your personal information and automatically calculate and predict your preferences through the computer algorithm model to match the information or services you may be interested in. Below, we will give you a detailed description of the operating mechanism of the personalized recommendation service and the way you achieve control. a) The scope of application of personalized recommendation services: The scope of personalized recommendation services we provide includes but is not limited to displaying graphic or video/live content, providing search results, recommending products, services or advertisements, providing personalized product features, recommending friends you may know, etc. b) Fields collected for personalized recommendation services: In order to provide you with personalized services, we may collect and use your device information (including hardware model, operating system version, device identifiers (Android such as AndroidID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers may vary in validity, user resetting, and acquisition methods), device sensor information), location information (including GPS sensors, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base station information) IP address), your behavior information when using Tiktok (including the records related to your search, click, release, follow, collection, browsing, download, sharing and other interactive exchanges and transactions when using Tiktok), your personal data account (including nickname, avatar, gender, birthday, region and other account information), and other information collected from Tiktok by your authorization and provided by other partners. The system will automatically analyze and calculate the above information, predict your preference characteristics, and provide personalized recommended content and services based on the calculation results. c) Training and intervention of personalized recommendation service: we will conduct real-time training and feedback on the recommendation model according to your browsing related behavior in the process of using Tiktok, and constantly adjust and optimize the recommendation results. In order to meet your diverse needs and avoid excessive concentration of similar content, we will comprehensively use diversified technologies to automate the processing of content, and better provide you with high-quality content and services. You may turn off personalized content recommendations as described in Section 3.1.5 of this Privacy Policy, or turn off personalized or programmatic advertising push as described in Section 3.1.6 of this Privacy Policy. After you turn off, we will not process your personal information for the purpose of personalized recommendations, but will only push you universal content or advertisements that are unrelated to your preferences. If you believe that some of our decisions in personalized recommendation services are made through automated decision-making mechanisms and have a significant impact on your legitimate rights and interests, you can use the information provided in Section 8.2 of this Privacy Policy Dataprivacy@bytedance.com Contact us via email and request an explanation. You have the right to refuse decisions made solely through automated decision-making.
1.5.2 Sorting Selection
We may provide you with lists in some service scenarios, such as the Tiktok hot list, in which we will automatically sort and display information content, users, etc. The data collected and used for ranking the rankings, as well as the specific rules for ranking, sorting, and feedback, can be viewed through the ranking rules on each ranking page.
1.6 Other functions
1.6.1 Message Notification
You acknowledge and agree that we may send you one or more types of notifications, such as message notifications, identity verification, security verification, and user experience research, through the contact information (e.g. phone number) provided by you during the use of our products and/or services; In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. But please rest assured that if you do not wish to receive these messages, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in your mobile SMS, or you can contact us directly to unsubscribe. We will push you your account dynamics, users or content dynamics you follow, hot content, recommended content, etc. through the system notification of your device. You can choose to turn off the Tiktok notification function in the device, or select the information you want to receive through the notification setting function provided by Tiktok.
1.6.2 Sharing and Interaction
When you share or receive shared information, participate in activities, view other product/service promotional content, etc., the Tiktok client needs to access your clipboard locally, write a password or read
Retrieve the password, sharing code, and link contained within it to achieve functions or services such as jumping, sharing, and event linkage. In addition to the clipboard, after you authorize the album or storage permission, we need to read the sharing QR code in the most recent photo in your phone's album, so that you can share or receive the shared videos and pictures. The Tiktok client will upload the password or shared QR code contained in the clipboard content or picture to our server only when it recognizes that the Tiktok jump, share, activity linkage and other commands belong to the dither client. In addition, Tiktok client will not upload other information in your clipboard or album to our server. Some mobile devices' systems may prompt that an app is reading a clipboard or photo album, but the system cannot distinguish whether it is being processed locally or uploaded, and due to differences in statistical methods, false positives cannot be ruled out. Therefore, if you find similar prompts and have any questions, please contact us so that we can locate the issue.
1.6.3 Calendar Appointment
When you use video, live streaming, event and other reminder or appointment functions, we will apply for access to your device calendar permission. After you enable the relevant permissions, we will access your calendar to help you schedule or adjust the time of your scheduled videos, live streams, and events, and remind you through the calendar function at the time you have scheduled. Denial of authorization will make it impossible to use the reservation service, but will not affect the normal use of other Tiktok functions. 1.6.4 Order Center: When you purchase goods or services, we or third parties providing services will collect your order information. At the same time, we will summarize and display the order information collected by the third party mentioned above. You can check and manage your orders in [Me] - [≡] - [My Orders]. You can also choose to refuse all or part of the third party's synchronization of order information with us in the [Settings] of the order center. 1.6.5 Address In order to facilitate us to provide you with consistent address services based on the same account, with your authorization, Tiktok will retain the delivery address you filled in Tiktok Life Service and Store Service, and associate it with the corresponding Tiktok account, so that you can select and uniformly manage in the service scenario of using the delivery address. You can add, delete, change, and view your shipping address information in [Me] - [≡] - [My Orders] - [Address]. 1.6.6 To help you get a more relaxed use experience, for some services that can only be provided if you have to obtain a mobile number, we provide the function of "one click to fill in Tiktok binding mobile number" in the information filling component or page. After you click to use this function, the mobile phone number bound to the current Tiktok account will be automatically filled for you. Before confirming your agreement to submit or share this information, you may edit or modify the number already filled in, and using the one click filling function will not directly use your phone number for other functions or share it with third parties. If you refuse to use this function, you can also choose to fill in the information manually, which will not affect the normal use of other Tiktok functions. 1.6.7 Applets When you use third-party applet services, in order to ensure the safe operation of the system and provide better services for you, we will collect information generated during your use of the Tiktok applet, including the operation records of login, browsing, use, and closing the applet (including applet message cards and other functions).
1.6.8 Desktop Components and Interactive Abilities Provided by the System
When you add cards/widgets/desktop components (hereinafter collectively referred to as "desktop components") related to Tiktok products and services, or use the ability provided by the system to interact with Tiktok, in order to ensure that you can normally receive information within Tiktok through the components or system capabilities, Tiktok needs to use the self starting ability. Within the necessary range to achieve functions and services, it sends broadcasts through the system to wake up Tiktok and generate self starting behavior. When you remove the aforementioned components or interaction capabilities from the system desktop, Tiktok will record your removal behavior in order to no longer use the self starting capability.
1.7 Operation and Safe Operation
We are committed to providing you with safe and trustworthy products and usage environments, and providing high-quality and reliable services and information is our core goal. In order to maintain the normal and stable operation of related products or services, protect the safety and legitimate interests of you or other users or the public, we will collect the following necessary information:
(1) To ensure the safe operation of software and services, the quality and efficiency of operations, when you use Tiktok, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, device identifier (Android such as Android ID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers will differ in terms of validity, whether they can be reset by users, and access methods), operator unified anonymous identifier, IP address, WLAN access point (such as SSID, BSSID), Bluetooth, base station, software version number, network access method/type/status, network quality data, operation/use/service logs, and device sensor data (such as acceleration sensor, linear acceleration sensor, gravity sensor, gyroscope sensor).
(2) In order to prevent malicious programs and ensure the quality and efficiency of operations, we will collect information about the list of installed applications, the list of software or running processes, the overall operation, usage and frequency of applications, application crashes, overall installation and usage, performance data, and application sources when you use Tiktok; Among them, in order to prevent your personal information from being illegally obtained, more accurately prevent fraud, and protect account and fund security, we will only access the relevant information of third-party apps that are not operated by us in the aforementioned information when user behavior triggers risk control conditions (such as multiple incorrect password inputs, abnormal login, abnormal payment amount/behavior/object, abnormal withdrawal behavior, or other situations where the account is at risk), except for other scenarios disclosed in this privacy policy.
(3) We may collect the account information, device information (including hardware model, operating system version, device identifier (Android such as AndroidID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; whether different identifiers are valid, can be reset by users, and can be obtained
The methods may vary, including device sensor information, service log information, etc. We use the above information, as well as information authorized by you or lawfully provided to us by our affiliates and partners, to determine account security, transaction security, conduct identity verification, identify illegal and irregular situations, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
1.8 Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies, device information identifiers (Android such as Android ID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers differ in terms of validity, whether they can be reset by users, and access methods), device sensor information, and other similar technologies are commonly used in the Internet. When you use Tiktok and related services, we may use related technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and identify information when you access and use this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services: to ensure the security and efficient operation of products and services: we may set authentication and security cookies or anonymous identifiers to confirm whether you have safely logged into the service, or whether you have encountered theft, fraud, and other illegal activities. These technologies will also help us improve service efficiency, enhance login and response speed. Help you achieve a more relaxed access experience: Using this type of technology can help you eliminate the steps and processes of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering search content (e.g. record search, form filling). To recommend, display, and push content or accounts that may interest you: We may use such technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, conduct data analysis to improve product services, recommend information or features that users are interested in, and optimize your choices of advertisements or content. In the sharing page of Tiktok, we may use cookies to record browsing activities, which can be used to recommend information to you, troubleshoot related exceptions of crashes and delays, and explore better service methods. Cookie clearing: If you use the Tiktok web version, most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You can clear cookie data in browser settings, but after clearing, you may not be able to use the functions or services provided by us that depend on cookies. 1.9 For changes in service content, please understand that with the development of our business, the products or services provided by Tiktok may be adjusted. If the purpose, method, and scope of processing personal information for the adjusted products or services change, we will inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your authorization or consent to process your personal information. a) Necessary to enter into or perform a contract based on your request; b) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, defense security, criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments; c) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations; d) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range; e) Process your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legally disclosed personal information through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels); f) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
Special note: According to legal regulations, if information cannot be identified to a specific individual alone or in combination with other information, it does not belong to personal information. When your information can identify you individually or in combination with other information, or when we combine data that has not been linked to any specific individual with your personal information, we will treat it as your personal information and process and protect it in accordance with this privacy policy.
2. Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
2.1 Partners involved in the use of data
2.1.1 Basic Principles
During our cooperation with our partners, we will adhere to the following principles:
a) Principle of legality: Those involved in data processing activities shall comply with the principle of legality.
b) Principle of legitimacy and minimum necessity: Data use must have a legitimate purpose and should be limited to what is necessary to achieve the purpose.
c) Principle of safety and prudence: We will carefully evaluate the purpose of data usage by our partners, conduct a comprehensive assessment of their security capabilities, and require them to comply with the cooperation legal agreement. We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by our partners to obtain information, in order to protect data security.
List of Third Party Information Sharing
2.1.2 Commissioned Processing
For the scenario of entrusting the processing of personal information, we will sign relevant processing agreements with the entrusted partner in accordance with legal provisions, and supervise their personal information use activities.
2.1.3 Joint processing
For the scenario of jointly processing personal information, we will sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal provisions and agree on their respective rights and obligations, ensuring compliance with legal provisions and protection of data security in the process of using relevant personal information.
2.1.4 Scope of Partners
If the specific functions and scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates or third parties, the scope of cooperation includes our affiliates and third parties.
2.2 Scenarios for Cooperation
2.2.1 Realize functions or services in Tiktok
When you use the functions provided by our partners in Tiktok, or the services jointly provided by software service providers, intelligent device providers, system service providers and us, we may use the information necessary for business purposes, including but not limited to the following functions or services: a) Geographic location services: When you use geographic location related services
Location service providers (such as Amap) may use your GPS information, device information (including hardware model, operating system version, device identifiers (Android such as AndroidID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers may vary in validity, user resetting, and retrieval methods), and device sensor information through SDK or related technologies to return location results to you. Refusing the above-mentioned use will only affect the geographic location service function, but will not affect the normal use of other functions. b) Message notification: In order to adapt the message push function to the terminal model you are using, terminal device manufacturers (Huawei, Xiaomi, OPPO, VIVO, etc.) may use SDK and other technologies to use your phone model, version, and related device information (including hardware model, operating system version, device identifiers (Android such as AndroidID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers may have different validity periods, whether they can be reset by the user, and how they are obtained), device sensor information). c) Login and binding to other third-party accounts: When you use the Tiktok account to login to other third-party products or services, or bind the Tiktok account with other third-party accounts, with your consent, the above third-party products or services will use your nickname, avatar and other information authorized by you. d) Purchase goods or services: The shopping function in Tiktok is provided to you by the e-commerce platform we cooperate with. E-commerce platforms may need to collect relevant information about your browsing and purchasing of products. For further information, you can refer to the corresponding privacy policy of the cooperating party. Among them, the "Mall" page and related online shopping services are provided by Shanghai Gewuzhipin Network Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates. You can view the relevant service agreements and privacy policies through [I] - [Tiktok Mall] - [Qualification Rules] in Tiktok App; The "group purchase" page and related life service product display and purchase services are provided by Chengdu Seen Income Technology Co., Ltd. and its related parties. You can view relevant service agreements and privacy policies through [I] - [Select] - [Settings] - [Qualification Certificate] - [Tiktok Life Service] in the Tiktok App. e) Small games, small programs: When you use small programs, small games and other applications provided by a third party in Tiktok, such as small programs, small games that need to use your personal information, you will apply for your authorization. We will not provide your personal information to these developers (or operators) without your consent. Some mini programs may apply to you for system permissions such as geolocation, microphone, camera, etc. You can revoke the authorization in the mini program. f) Event participation: When you choose to participate in our marketing activities, with your consent, we and our partners may need to use your name, mailing address, contact information, bank account, and other information in order for our partners to cash out event rewards to you; At the same time, we may share your de identified device information with our partners (Android such as AndroidID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers may have different validity periods, whether they can be reset by the user, and the way they are obtained), in order to facilitate identity verification, identification, and filtering of illegal and irregular situations such as cheating when redeeming activity rewards from you. When you participate in marketing activities jointly organized by us and our affiliates, your participation account (including identifiers), participation results, progress, earnings, and other information may be synchronized between multiple participating mobile applications (referred to as "activity platforms") to ensure that you have a complete service experience during the activity. g) Customer Service: In order to promptly handle your complaints, suggestions, and other appeals, the customer service provider needs to use your account and related information to understand, process, and respond to your needs in a timely manner. If necessary, it may also be necessary to use your mobile phone number or other communication methods to contact you. h) Wallet function: The various services in the wallet function are provided by our affiliates and partners. When you use the wallet related functions, our affiliates and partners will collect necessary information within the necessary limits according to the functions or services. The specific information is subject to your authorization when opening the corresponding wallet function. i) Payment service: The payment function is provided to you by a third-party payment institution that cooperates with us. The third-party payment institution may need to collect your name, ID number, bank card type and card number, and mobile phone number. ID number and bank card related information are personal sensitive information, which are necessary for the payment function. Refusing to provide them will result in your inability to use this function, but will not affect the normal use of other functions. Tiktok payment function is provided to you by Tiktok Payment Technology Co., Ltd. (referred to as "Tiktok Payment", formerly known as "Wuhan Hezhong Yibao Technology Co., Ltd."). When you use the Tiktok payment function, Tiktok payment will collect your relevant information according to laws, regulations and regulatory provisions to provide you with payment services. If you need to know more about the privacy policy of Tiktok payment function, you can further consult the relevant privacy policy of Tiktok payment. j) Live broadcast games and other services: When you use the live broadcast room function to interact with a third party in the live broadcast room, such as live broadcast games, games, cloud games, etc., the third party will collect and use your Tiktok nickname, avatar and other account public information and interactive information in the live broadcast room (such as comments, likes, gifts, etc.) according to the function or service requirements.
2.2.2 Implementing Advertising and Promotion Services
We may share analysis and de identification device information (Android such as AndroidID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers may vary in validity, user reset, and retrieval methods) or statistical information with advertising service providers, suppliers, and other partners, as well as partners who have reached promotional cooperation with us (collectively referred to as "partners"), which is difficult or impossible to associate with your true identity. These pieces of information will help us analyze and measure the effectiveness of advertising, promotion, and related services. a) Push notifications
Regarding advertising: Partners who engage in push/promotion and advertising placement or provide related services may need to use de identified or anonymized device, network, channel information, and tag information; The partners of advertising push/promotion, placement/analysis services that cooperate with advertisers/promoters may need to use the aforementioned information to achieve advertising placement/promotion, optimize and enhance the effective reach rate of advertising/promotion content. b) Statistical analysis: Partners providing advertising, promotion, and related statistical analysis services may need to use your device, network, advertising/promotion content click, browse, display, and conversion data to analyze, measure, and enhance the effectiveness of advertising, promotion, and related services. c) The use of information by the cooperating party: The cooperating party may combine the above information with other legally obtained data to optimize advertising placement and/or promotion effectiveness. We will require their use of information to follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity, and protect the legitimate rights of users from infringement. d) Advertising retention information: The contact information, address, and other related information that you actively fill in and submit in the advertisement may be collected and used by the advertiser or its authorized partners.
e) Autonomous management of advertising identifiers: You can manage (disable or reset) modifiable advertising identifiers (such as OAID, IDFA) through the channels provided by the terminal device. Different versions of identifiers may vary in terms of validity period and whether they can be disabled or reset by the user. For example, on some mobile phones, resetting can be done through "Settings Privacy Tracking Management" in the device system settings.
2.2.3 Implementation of Security and Statistical Analysis
a) Ensuring Security of Use: We attach great importance to the security of our products, services, and accounts. To ensure the safety of your and other users' accounts and property, and to protect your and our legitimate rights and interests from illegal infringement, our partners may use necessary equipment, accounts, and log information. To ensure the security of user accounts, when we identify that the mobile phone number you use to register or log in to your account poses a risk of secondary account manipulation, we will provide your mobile phone number and account registration/login time to the communication operator for secondary account verification to ensure the security of your account. b) Analysis of product conditions: In order to analyze the stability of Tiktok's products and services, partners providing analysis services may need information such as service conditions (crash and flash back records), equipment identification information, and overall application installation and use. c) Academic research: In order to enhance research capabilities in related fields and promote technological development, we may use de identified or anonymized data with cooperating research institutes, universities, and other institutions, while ensuring data security and legitimate purposes. 2.3 Change of operating entity: As the business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, or asset transfers, which may result in the transfer of your personal information. When the aforementioned changes occur, we will require the recipient to protect your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, and security standards not lower than those stated in this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, we will require the recipient to obtain your authorization and consent again. 2.4 Termination of Operations If we cease to operate our products or services, we will promptly cease collecting your personal information. We will notify you one by one or send you a notice in the form of an announcement to stop operating, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold related to the discontinued products or services. 2.5 Disclosure: We will not proactively disclose information that you have not disclosed on your own, unless in accordance with national laws and regulations or with your consent. Please understand that under the following circumstances, in accordance with laws, regulations, and national standards, the use of your personal information by the cooperating party, or our transfer or disclosure of your personal information, does not require your authorization and consent: a) necessary for entering into or performing a contract at your request; b) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, defense security, criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments; c) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations; d) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range; e) Process your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legally disclosed personal information through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels); f) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
3. Manage your personal information
We attach great importance to your management of personal information and make every effort to protect your rights to access, copy, correct, supplement, delete, revoke consent authorization, cancel account, file complaints and reports on your personal information, so that you have the ability to understand and protect the security of your personal information. But please understand that specific business functions and services will require your information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with corresponding functions and services, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization.
The path of management methods we provide may vary in different versions or operating systems, please refer to the actual situation.
3.1 Setting Management
3.1.1 Basic Function Mode
Short video browsing and searching are the basic functions of Tiktok, so if you only allow us to process the personal information necessary for realizing the basic functions, you can choose to turn on the basic function mode. Understand the basic functional modes
In this mode, we will only process your personal information based on the need to provide basic functions and protect system security. That is, you can browse videos, but cannot post any content including comments, likes, and favorites. The videos and other information you see will also be randomly pushed by us from selected content; You can use the search function, and we will only provide search results based on your search keywords, without optimizing the search results.
3.1.2 System Permission Settings
a) You can turn on or off geolocation, contacts, camera, microphone, photo album, calendar, and other permissions in the device's settings
Limit, change the scope of authorization or revoke your authorization. After revoking authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions, but it will not affect our previous personal information processing based on your authorization. You can read the description of Tiktok permission application and use to understand the situation of Tiktok application and use of system permissions.
b) You can select whether to receive the system notification sent by Tiktok in the device settings, or set the form of the system notification you want to receive. At the same time, you can also select whether to receive function notifications in the app sent by Tiktok in [I] - [Select] - [Settings] - [Notification Settings], or set the range of function notifications in the app you want to receive. c) When you use mini games or mini programs, you can manage the application permissions obtained by mini programs or mini games in the mini game or mini program interface, and also revoke the authorization for mini programs or mini games. d) If you do not want to add friends through Douyin, you can turn off the "Douyin" function in [Me] - [≡] - [Settings] - [General Settings] - [Douyin Douyin Add Friends]. After turning it off, shaking your phone will not trigger the function of matching friends. 3.1.3 Account management You can manage your Tiktok account or apply for related services in [I] - [Select] - [Settings] - [Account and Security]:
You can choose whether we need to record your historical login information in the 'Save Login Information' section.
Authorization Management allows you to manage your authorization for other third-party products or services. Please note that after you cancel the authorization of other third-party products or services, you cannot use the Tiktok account to log in to the third-party products or services again.
The third party account bound to your Tiktok account can be managed in [Binding of Third Party Account].
In [Login Device Management], you can manage the devices, login methods and products that your Tiktok account has recently logged in. You can choose 'Offline Now' to log out of this login.
You can apply for account real name authentication in [Real Name Authentication].
You can apply for various official personal certifications, including qualification certifications, in the "Application for Official Certification" section. The specific types of certifications that can be applied for are subject to the information displayed on the webpage. If you are a musician, you can also complete musician identity authentication through this feature.
3.1.4 Control the storage/disclosure scope of information (1) You can control the storage/disclosure scope of information in [Me] - [≡] - [Settings] - [Privacy Settings] through the following methods:
【 Local Display 】 You can control whether your works and live broadcasts are displayed on local channels. After closing, your comments, followers, likes, submissions, etc. will not display your current location, unless otherwise required by laws, regulations, and relevant provisions.
In [Active/Online Status], you can control whether your active/online status will be displayed to your friends. After closing, you cannot view the activity/online status of other friends.
You can control whether your browsing of a certain content will be seen by the author of that content in the "Browsing and Visitors" - "Work Browsing Record". After closing, you cannot see the browsing history of your content being viewed. If you choose 'post daily' when posting content, this setting may not take effect for that type of content.
You can control whether visitor records will be left when viewing someone else's personal page in the "Browse and Visitors" - "Homepage Visitor Records" section. After closing, you cannot see the visitor records of your personal homepage.
In the 'Like' section, you can control whether your personal page's like list is publicly visible, and also control the visibility range of the like list and your like information under the work.
You can control the range of users who can send private messages to you, block private messages from strangers with just one click, and have other permissions related to private messages.
In the live broadcast, you can control the recommended range of the live rooms you connect to.
In 'Find Me', you can control whether you appear publicly in others' follow and fan lists, as well as whether you are recommended to people you may know. After turning off 'Recommended to potential acquaintances', we will not recommend you to Ta based on possible connections between you and other users, or if your phone number is stored in other users' contact lists.
In the 'Follow and Fan List', you can control whether others can see your follow and fan list.
You can control whether specific user content is displayed to you on pages such as "recommendations" in the "Do not look at TA" section; But after setting it up, you can still enter Ta's personal homepage to view the content they have posted.
You can control whether your content is displayed to specific users in 'Do Not Let TA See'. If you only want to set a specific content not to be displayed to a specific user, you can select the corresponding content in 【 Me 】 - 【 Works 】, click 【 Permission Settings 】, and then set it in 【 Do not show to whom 】.
You can view your blacklist and also remove it from the blacklist.
In Private Account, you can control the overall visibility of your account and content. After activation, the content you post will only be visible to your fans; Other users need your consent to become your fans.
You can control whether the location information of the album content will be used to recommend geographic anchor points on the work publishing page in [System Permissions] - [Album/Storage Permissions] - [Allow Location Information of Album Content].
Geographic location information
1.3.2 Tools
Facial feature value information
Geographical location sticker
Geographic location link (referred to as "geographic location anchor")
The location information in the media information that comes with this image/video
Geographic location anchor point
1.4 Interactive communication
1.4.1 Adding Friends
1.4.2 Recommended by friends
Address book permissions
Please be informed that if other users upload contact information such as your contact details in their contact list, the system may also recommend friends to you or recommend you to the corresponding users based on this information.
Geographic location information (such as precise positioning information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base stations)
Accurate positioning information is sensitive personal information
1.4.3 Interaction with friends
When you use the group function for interactive communication, we collect information related to the group and its members, and form a group list.
1.4.4 Interaction in Live Streaming Room
1.4.5 "Shake", "Shake", "Walk" and other interactive activities that rely on actions
1.5 Algorithms and Automated Decision Making
1.5.1 Personalized Recommendations
position
Set up information (including GPS sensors, WLAN access points, Bluetooth and base station information, IP addresses)
1.5.2 Sorting Selection
1.6 Other functions
1.6.1 Message Notification
1.6.2 Sharing and Interaction
1.6.3 Calendar Appointment
1.6.4 Order Center
1.6.5 Address
1.6.6 One click filling
1.6.7 Mini Program
1.6.8 Desktop Components and Interactive Abilities Provided by the System
1.7 Operation and Safe Operation
1.8 Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
1.9 Changes in Service Content
1.10 Legal Exemption from Consent to Processing Personal Information
Special note: According to legal regulations, if information cannot be identified to a specific individual alone or in combination with other information, it does not belong to personal information. When your information can identify you individually or in combination with other information, or when we combine data that has not been linked to any specific individual with your personal information, we will treat it as your personal information and process and protect it in accordance with this privacy policy.
Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
2.1 Partners involved in the use of data
2.1.1 Basic Principles
2.1.2 Commissioned Processing
2.1.3 Joint processing
2.1.4 Scope of Partners
2.2 Scenarios for Cooperation
2.2.1 Realize functions or services in Tiktok
Purchase goods or services:
Wallet function:
ID number, bank card type and card number
ID number and bank card related information are personal sensitive information
2.2.2 Implementing Advertising and Promotion Services
(2) You can manage your content in the following path:
You can turn off the preloading function described in section 1.3.1 of this privacy policy in [Me] - [≡] - [Settings] - [General Settings] - [Upload works in advance to reduce waiting time].
In [Me] - Select any content - [Permission Settings] - [Advanced Settings], you can control the range of users who can collaborate with the content, forward the content to the range of daily users, and allow downloading of the content.
3.1.5 Self subscription and personalized content
a) If you do not want to be recommended personalized content, you can turn off "personalized content recommendation" through [Me] - [≡] - [Settings] - [Personal Information Management]. When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, the "Recommendations" channel will no longer be displayed to you, and you will not be able to enjoy personalized content recommendation services, but you can still browse non personalized recommendation services such as "Follow" and "Hot List". If you wish to receive information from a specific account even after disabling personalized content recommendations, you can follow that account, and the content posted by that account will be displayed in the "Follow" channel. View personalized content recommendations for management
b) When you are not interested in specific content or want to reduce the recommendation of a certain type of content, you can long press the content, select "not interested", or continue to select "reduce this type" after selecting "not interested". By adjusting the recommendation strength of different content or different types of content, you can control the increase/decrease of corresponding content. At the same time, we also provide 'My Customer Service' to listen to your opinions and suggestions. c) You can select to enable the basic function mode in 3.1.1 "Understanding the basic function mode" of the privacy policy of Tiktok mobile phone client. During the basic function mode, we will no longer record and collect your behavior information such as clicks and browsing of content, and the above information will no longer be used for personalized recommendations. d) When there is no content that interests you, you can also enter the keywords of interest in the search bar, click and read the search results. You can view and delete local search history after clicking the search icon.
3.1.6 Manage Advertising Push
a) Autonomous decision to receive programmatic advertising information: You can choose whether to receive programmatic advertising in [Me] - [≡] - [Settings] - [Understand and Manage Advertising Push]. After closing, this type of advertisement will no longer be received, and the number of ads you see will not change, but the relevance of the ads will decrease. b) Autonomous decision to receive personalized advertising information: Personalized advertising is one of the advertising display technologies, which is intelligently recommended by advertisers based on your preferences within their applications. If you do not want to be recommended personalized ads, you can choose whether to receive personalized ad recommendations in [Me] - [≡] - [Settings] - [Understand and Manage Ad Push]. After closing, the relevance of the ads you see will decrease. c) Autonomous advertising interest management: To help you manage your advertising interests, you can long press the advertisement and select "not interested". We will adjust our strategy based on your feedback. At the same time, we also provide a "Feedback" portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
Advertising identifiers (such as OAID, IDFA)
2.2.3 Implementation of Security and Statistical Analysis
2.3 Change of operating entity
2.4 Stop operation
2.5 Public disclosure
2.6 Exemption from obtaining your authorization and consent in accordance with the law
Collaborators use, or we transfer or disclose
3. Manage your personal information
We attach great importance to your management of personal information and make every effort to protect your rights to access, copy, correct, supplement, delete, revoke consent authorization, cancel account, file complaints and reports on your personal information, so that you have the ability to understand and protect the security of your personal information.
But please understand that specific business functions and services will require your information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with corresponding functions and services, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization.
3.1 Setting Management
3.1.1 Basic Function Mode
3.1.2 System Permission Settings
Geographic location, contact list
3.1.3 Account Management
3.1.4 Storage/Disclosure Scope of Control Information
3.1.5 Self subscription and personalized content
3.1.6 Manage Advertising Push
Independently manage advertising interests:
Independently manage advertising identifiers:
View, understand, and manage advertising push notifications
3.2 Accessing, correcting, supplementing, and deleting your personal information
Wallet and transaction records, social and relationships
3.3 Copying and transferring your personal information
3.4 Account Cancellation
You can log off your account at [I] - [Select] - [Settings] - [Account and Security] - [Log off Account], or enter the [Tiktok Security Center] to log off your account. Before you cancel your account, we will verify your authorized personal identity, security status, device information (including hardware model, operating system version, device identifiers (Android such as AndroidID, OAID, GAID, iOS such as IDFV, IDFA; different identifiers may vary in validity, user reset, and retrieval methods), device sensor information, etc. For the procedures and contents of logout, please refer to the Tiktok Logout Notice. You acknowledge and understand that the act of canceling an account is irreversible. After you cancel your account, we will delete relevant information about you. If it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will anonymize it or stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security protection measures, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
In addition to the above, if you or other authorized parties have any claims, requests or questions regarding the exercise of personal information rights granted by relevant laws and regulations, you can contact us through the user feedback interface in [Me] - [≡] - [My Customer Service]. We will review the issues as soon as possible and reply within fifteen working days after verifying your user identity.
3.5 Personal Information Protection of the Deceased
We will continue to ensure the security of our user information. In case of the unfortunate death of Tiktok users, their close relatives (hereinafter referred to as "the deceased's close relatives") can access the user feedback interface through [I] - [Choose] - [My Customer Service] in Tiktok mobile phone client to contact us for their own legal and legitimate interests.
Proof of identity of the deceased
Proof of identity of the deceased's close relatives themselves
How do we protect the security of personal information
4.1 Safety Technical Measures
4.2 Management System
4.3 Security Certification
Tiktok has passed the evaluation and filing of national information security level protection (Level III), and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and ISO27701 privacy information management certification.
4.4 Safety Tips
However, please understand that due to technical restrictions and various possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security of information. We will try our best to ensure the security of personal information you provide us.
You acknowledge and understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may experience issues due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your account password and related personal information to others.
How do we store personal information
5.1 Storage location
5.2 Storage period
We store your personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with laws and regulations. We will not transmit the above information overseas. If we do so, we will comply with relevant national regulations or seek your consent. 5.2 Storage period a) We will only retain your personal information during the period necessary to provide you with Tiktok products or services, such as:
Mobile phone number: After you register and log in using your mobile phone number, we need to keep your mobile phone number continuously in order to provide you with normal services, respond to your possible inquiries and customer complaints, and ensure the security of your account and system.
The content and related information you post will be retained by us for providing you with ongoing business functions until you withdraw, delete, or cancel your account.
b) If you cancel your account, voluntarily delete personal information, or if the information exceeds the necessary retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except for the following situations:
Comply with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations on information retention (for example, the Electronic Commerce Law stipulates that the retention time of product and service information, as well as transaction information, shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction).
Reasonable extension of the deadline is required for financial, auditing, dispute resolution, and other purposes.
How can we protect minors
6.1 General Terms and Conditions for Minors
a) If you are a minor, you should read and agree to this privacy policy under the guardianship and guidance of your parents or other guardians before using Tiktok and related services. b) If you are the guardian of a minor, you should read and agree to this privacy policy for your ward before using Tiktok and related services.
c) We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. We will only collect, use, share, or disclose the personal information of minors when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or other guardians, or when necessary to protect minors. If we find that personal information of minors has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from parents or other guardians in advance, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. At the same time, we have established strict rules for the collection and use of minors' information to protect the personal information security of children (under 14 years old) and teenagers (over 14 years old but under 18 years old). You can learn more information by reading the "Notice for Children/Teenagers' Use".
Personal information of minors
6.2 Functions related to the protection of minors
6.2.1 Child/Adolescent Mode
6.2.2 Time Lock
6.2.3 Parent Child Platform
7 Privacy Policy Review and Revision
7.1 Consultation
7.2 Updates and Notifications
a. You can view this privacy policy on the registration and login page, or on the [Me] - [≡] - [Settings] - [Privacy Policy and Simplified Version] page after logging in to your account. b. Please understand that in order to meet operational needs
Yes, we may develop different versions according to the mobile phone model, system version, mobile client and other factors you use. Therefore, when you use a specific version, the Tiktok function may be different from that described in this privacy policy, but it will not affect the purpose, method and scope of data processing. The specific available functions are subject to your actual use. 7.2 Update and notice a. In order to provide you with better services, Tiktok products and services will be updated and changed from time to time, and we will revise this privacy policy in due course. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under the currently effective privacy policy. b. After this privacy policy is updated, we will send an updated version in Tiktok, and remind you of the updated content through the website letter or other appropriate ways, so that you can know the latest version of this privacy policy in time. c. We may also help you better manage your personal information through feature updates. Please pay attention to the relevant feature descriptions.
8 Contact Us
8.1 Complaints and Reports
8.2 Other issues
If you believe that your personal information rights may have been violated, or if you discover clues of infringement of your personal information rights, you can contact us by going to the user feedback interface in 【 Me 】 - 【 ≡】 - 【 My Customer Service 】. After verification, we will provide feedback on your complaint and report within fifteen working days. 8.2 Other Questions If you have any questions or suggestions regarding personal information protection, you can choose to contact us through the following methods: a) Send an email to Dataprivacy@bytedance.comb ）Please mail it to the Data Security and Privacy Protection Center of the Legal Department of Building A, Rongxin, Chaoyang District, Beijing. We will review your questions or suggestions as soon as possible and reply within fifteen working days after verifying your user identity.
