China Merchants Bank CBS APP User Privacy Policy
Release date: August 31, 2022
Effective Date: August 31, 2022
Update Date: February 28, 2024
【 Special Reminder 】 Dear user of China Merchants Bank Wealth Management Cloud (hereinafter referred to as "you"), China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (registered address/common office address: China Merchants Bank Building, No. 7088 Shennan Avenue, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province; hereinafter referred to as "we" or "our bank") values user privacy. When you use China Merchants Bank Wealth Management Cloud (mobile desktop APP named "China Merchants Bank Wealth Management Cloud Platform", hereinafter referred to as "CBS APP"), we will collect, store, use, protect, share, provide and publicly disclose your personal information in accordance with this policy. Please carefully read this policy and confirm that you understand our bank's processing rules for your personal information. This policy is applicable to the products or services provided by China Merchants Bank through CBS APP, "China Merchants Bank Asset Management Cloud" WeChat official account, and not to the products or services provided by any other third party other than China Merchants Bank through CBS APP mobile client or website (hereinafter collectively referred to as "third-party services"). Before you choose to use the third-party services, you should understand the product functions and privacy protection policies of the third-party services and accept the consequences.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How do we collect your personal information
2、 How we use your personal information
3、 How do we use cookie technology
4、 How do we store and protect your personal information
5、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
6、 Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
7、 How do you access and manage your personal information
8、 Declaration of Third Party Liability
9、 Special Agreement on the Privacy Rights of Minors
10、 Update, confirmation, and review of this policy
11、 Keyword description in this policy
12、 Jurisdiction and Application of Law
13、 How to contact us
We use bold font to indicate the clauses and sensitive personal information in this policy that we believe may have a significant impact on your rights and interests, to remind you to pay special attention. If you click or check the box to agree and confirm submission of this policy, it shall be deemed that you agree to this policy and agree that our bank will collect, store, use, protect, share, provide and publicly disclose your relevant information in accordance with this policy.
Please be aware that the "CBS APP" and related services described in this privacy policy may vary depending on factors such as the phone model, system version, software application version, mobile client, etc. you are using. The final product, service, and menu path shall be based on the "CBS APP" software and related services you use.
1、 How do we collect your personal information
During your use of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP service, we will collect information that you actively input or generate as a result of using the service
1. The information you voluntarily provide when using CBS APP products or services.
(1) The personal information you filled in when opening a CBS APP account and conducting personal real name authentication (including real name authentication and bank card four element authentication), including user name, login password, ID number, mobile phone number/telephone number, e-mail address, user position, user department, enterprise address, corporate name (as required), corporate ID number (as required). The above information is mainly used to verify your identity authenticity, association with enterprises and authorization. Our bank may also effectively verify the relevant information through online verification. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to open the CBS app or use our services normally. You should ensure that you have obtained the consent and authorization of the relevant individuals when providing the above information, and the responsibility for processing the relevant personal information is borne by you and the company you work for.
(2) The personal information you provide when logging into the CBS APP service, including username, phone number, login password, ID card number, SMS verification code, fingerprint, facial information/Face ID, gesture pattern, etc., is mainly used to verify the authenticity of your identity. Our bank may also verify the validity of the relevant information through online verification. If you refuse to provide the above information, you may not be able to log in, but this does not affect your normal use of the functions or services available without logging in. You should ensure that you have obtained the consent and authorization of the relevant individuals when providing the above information, and the responsibility for processing the relevant personal information is borne by you and the company you work for.
(3) When you need to access, manage, and change personal information, you can use the CBS APP's "Reset Login Password" function, modify user login password, digital certificate, user logout, bank card four element real name authentication, and "Mobile Security Shield" function. According to business rules and risk control requirements, you may need to provide your name, ID number, personal bank account number, reserved mobile phone number for the bank card, and SMS verification code information to verify the authenticity of your identity. At the same time, in order to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information you provide, our bank will verify with the national authorities, financial institutions, enterprises and institutions, and certification agencies (China Financial Certification Center, CFCA) that legally retain your information.
(4) When you become a user of our CBS APP or use our services, you need to provide your own mobile phone number. Our bank may verify your identity by sending a SMS verification code.
(5) The personal information you filled in on the WeChat official account of "China Merchants Bank Asset Management Cloud" includes your user name, login password, ID number, mobile phone number/telephone number. The above information is mainly used to verify your identity authenticity, association with enterprises and authorization. Our bank may also verify the validity of relevant information through online verification. In addition, in order to make it easier for you to access China Merchants Bank services on WeChat, we provide WeChat quick access to the "China Merchants Bank Asset Management Cloud" WeChat official account function,
We need you to provide your WeChat bound phone number, WeChat nickname, and WeChat avatar information. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to open the CBS app or use our services normally. You should ensure that you are the legitimate owner of the above information and have full legal authority to dispose of the relevant personal information. If you violate the above commitments, you or the company you work for will bear legal responsibility for any resulting consequences.
(6) The personal information you submit through customer service or when participating in relevant user surveys, lotteries, and other activities, including name, phone number, and home address, is mainly used for prize distribution and user experience optimization follow-up.
2. We obtain your information when you use CBS APP products or services.
(1) When you use the CBS APP service, the CBS APP system automatically collects relevant information through cookies, web beacons, or other means and stores it as service log information, including device information (AndroidId, idfv), IP address, MAC address, search information, view information, service failure information, referral website information Wi-Fi SSID、Wi-Fi BSSID、 Communication log information. The collection of the above information is mainly necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of product or service failures, identifying and disposing of fraud or theft in financial products or services, etc.
(2) When using the payment processing function, you need to provide the recipient's personal name or corporate account name, personal bank account/corporate bank account, mobile phone number (as needed), account opening bank recipient information, fund usage information, and also provide your corporate account name and corporate account bank account number. In addition, our bank will also collect your payment and receipt transaction information to form a recipient list/recipient information, in order to simplify your transfer operations. The above information belongs to personal sensitive information. If you refuse to provide this information, it will only prevent you from using the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP.
(3) When you use the CBS APP to handle user activation and maintenance services (including but not limited to the "reset user login password" function, resetting personal information of mobile phone numbers, personal information maintenance, unified user face verification), and mobile security shield identity verification services (including but not limited to handling mobile approval, payment processing, etc.), the CBS APP may also use various methods such as password verification, fingerprint, facial recognition, SMS verification code, and facial recognition to verify your identity and assist in eliminating the situation of fraudulent identity to handle business, thereby more effectively maintaining the information, account, property, and fund security of you and the enterprise entity you work for/manage. In the process of facial recognition services, the facial data obtained by our bank (including your facial information, as well as other relevant information obtained during the process of collecting facial information, including photos, audio, and video taken or uploaded by you during the facial recognition process, the date and time of shooting or recording, device information, network information, CBS APP version number, and related business and transaction log information) will be encrypted and stored in the system backend database for the purpose of assisting in business recognition, identity verification, evidence collection in case of disputes, legal and regulatory requirements (including but not limited to anti money laundering) storage and retrieval, etc. The storage period shall comply with the provisions of national laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the authorization, you will not be able to continue using the facial recognition function, which may result in your inability to use the above functions and related services, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions and services of the CBS APP.
(4) In order to provide you with a safer and more convenient login service, if both your device and the China Merchants Bank CBS APP version support fingerprint or facial features, you can choose to activate the fingerprint or facial login function. You need to enter your fingerprint or facial information on your device. When you perform fingerprint or facial login, you need to complete fingerprint authentication or facial verification on your device. We only receive verification results and do not collect your fingerprint or facial information. If you do not want to use fingerprint verification or facial recognition, you can still log in through other methods.
(5) In order to make your use of the CBS APP safer and faster, the CBS APP interface may display the verification code SMS content to assist you in filling out the verification code at the stage where it is required. If you refuse communication information (SMS) authorization, our CBS APP will not display the SMS verification code content, and you will need to manually enter the verification code. This function may vary depending on the phone model, system version, software application version, mobile client, and other factors you are using.
(6) You can accurately find the function or service you need through search and menu search. We will retain or collect your search keywords and click through data to facilitate your repeated input or display features or services associated with your search content. Please note that your search keyword information cannot individually identify your identity and does not belong to your personal information. In order to provide you and other users with more efficient search services, our bank has the right to use it; Only when your search keyword information is combined with your other information and can identify your identity, during the combined use period, our bank will treat your search keyword information and click data as your personal information, and process and protect it together with your search history in accordance with this privacy policy.
(7) When you use SMS mobile account reminder, CBS APP mobile account reminder, WeChat official account mobile account reminder push service, our bank will collect your associated enterprise account information and transaction information, so as to send you account fund change and related transaction notice in a timely manner.
(8) In order to provide you with a better user experience, our bank will extract your preference features based on your device information and service logs after de identification processing, and provide user profiles with feature tags for displaying and pushing relevant content and services. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can choose to unsubscribe according to the method we prompt. Click on "My Settings Privacy Settings" in the CBS APP to turn off "receiving personalized recommendations"
”Options. Please note that individual device information and service log information cannot identify specific natural person identities. If our bank combines this type of non personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person, or uses it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions, our bank will anonymize and de identify this type of information.
(9) In order to provide you with more accurate, personalized, and convenient services, improve service experience, enhance service quality, or to prevent risks as much as possible, our bank will collect your feedback, suggestions, complaints/reports, and information provided during questionnaire surveys. We will also collect information on the types, methods, and operations of your use of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP functions or services. Our bank will comprehensively analyze and process this information, and provide you with corresponding services or products based on the above information. We will not force you to provide this information, and you may refuse to provide the corresponding information. Unless otherwise agreed in other terms of this privacy policy, your refusal will not have any adverse impact on the use of the business functions and service experience.
(10) When you use the China Merchants Bank CBS APP service, in order to maintain the secure and stable operation of the service, reduce transaction and financial risks, our bank will collect the following information, including your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, China Merchants Bank CBS APP software version number, Android ID, IDFV, login IP address, device MAC address, network access method, type and status, network quality data, BSSID, SSID, device accelerator, information related to China Merchants Bank CBS APP operation logs and service logs, service failure information, crash data, performance data, geographic location information, application list information, installed application information or running process information. If you do not agree to our bank collecting the aforementioned information, it may not be possible to complete risk control verification, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP.
(11) In order to provide you with intelligent customer service, our bank will collect your device SSID, unique device identifier, and running program information. If you do not agree to our collection of the aforementioned information, the intelligent customer service may not be able to function properly.
3. You can choose whether to authorize our bank to collect and use your personal information.
(1) Storage permission is used to cache the text, images, and video content generated during your use of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP. If authorization is denied, it may not be possible to set avatars on the App end, and file previews may also be affected. However, this does not affect the functionality available on the China Merchants Bank CBS APP when you are not logged in.
(2) Camera, used for recognizing QR codes, facial recognition, and setting avatars, used in scanning, facial recognition login, and avatar settings. After refusing authorization, the above functions will not be available.
(3) Album (image library), used for uploading photos, setting up your profile picture, uploading screenshots, and commenting on your transaction information. The image information obtained by our bank is encrypted and stored in the database. After refusing authorization, the above functions will not be available.
(4) Network communication is used to communicate with the server. After refusing authorization, all functions of CBS APP cannot be used. Our bank's system backend stores the network information of the devices used by customers during transactions, including IP and port information.
(5) The application list is used for preventing transaction fraud in the CBS APP of China Merchants Bank. Our system backend does not save your application list information. If you refuse to authorize the application list permission, our CBS APP will not read the content of the application list, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP.
(6) The clipboard is used for account copying function, and our system backend does not save your clipboard content. If you refuse to authorize the clipboard permission, our CBS APP will not read the clipboard content, and you will not be able to use the above functions.
The above functions may require you to enable access to our CBS APP on your device, including device storage, camera, photo album, geographic location, Face ID, fingerprint, phone contacts, SMS, network communication, application list, and clipboard, in order to collect and use the information involved in these functions. Please note that by enabling and granting these permissions, you authorize our bank to collect and use this information to achieve the above functions. If you cancel these authorizations, our bank will no longer continue to collect and use your information, nor will we be able to provide you with the functions corresponding to these authorizations.
4. Your information obtained from third parties or third-party partners.
(1) We will collect relevant data that you agree or authorize third parties to share or provide to the CBS APP. For example, when you or your company uses third-party products or services through the CBS APP webpage or client, the third-party service provider can use our API or SDK to inform us which third-party products or services you have used;
(2) Given that third-party service providers can provide products or services to you or your company through the CBS APP or client, once you or your company chooses to apply for, use, or terminate third-party services, the third-party service provider may collect, use, store, and share your relevant data or information with our bank; Before deciding whether to use such services, you or your company should fully understand the personal information and privacy protection policies of third-party service providers.
(3) Our bank may obtain your authorized shared account information (avatar, nickname) from third parties (such as WeChat, Apple), and after agreeing to this policy, bind your third-party account with your China Merchants Bank CBS APP user, so that you can directly log in and use our bank's products and services through the third-party account;
(4) In order to provide you with fast opening, login, transfer and other services, safeguard your transaction security, and prevent your account from being illegally infringed by others as much as possible, our bank may establish third-party institutions such as telecommunications operators (including but not limited to China Telecom, China Mobile, China Unicom, etc.) in accordance with the law
After obtaining your device's mobile phone number and current city information from the cooperating agency, and confirming the legality of the source of your personal information based on agreements with the aforementioned third parties, and in compliance with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, we will use your personal information.
(5) Self start and associated start instructions. To ensure that this application can receive client push broadcast information normally when it is closed or running in the background, this application must use (self start) capability to wake up the self start or associated start behavior of this application through the system sending broadcasts at a certain frequency, which is necessary for the implementation of functions and services. For example, Xiaomi push SDK, Huawei push SDK, vivo push SDK, Oppo push SDK, etc., in order to ensure that users receive push messages in a timely manner, there may be a certain frequency of self start and associated start behaviors.
5. Collect your necessary information from third-party service providers.
When you use the functions or services of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP, in certain specific usage scenarios, we may use software service kits (referred to as "SDKs") provided by third-party service providers with corresponding business qualifications and capabilities to provide you with services, and the third-party service providers will collect necessary information from you. Specifically, it includes the following types:
(1) Xiaomi pushes SDK. In order to provide you with timely service notifications, we have used the push SDK provided by "Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd.", which requires obtaining your mobile terminal's unique identifier information (IMEI number), Android ID, phone model, system type, system version, network type, SIM card operator information, in order to implement APP push services and a list of installed applications.
(2) Meizu pushes SDK. In order to provide you with timely service notifications, we have used the push SDK provided by Meizu Technology Co., Ltd. This SDK requires obtaining your mobile terminal's unique identifier information (IMEI number), Android ID, phone model, system type, system version, network type, and device APP list information to implement APP push services.
(3) Huawei pushes SDK. In order to provide you with timely service notifications, we have used the push SDK provided by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. This SDK requires obtaining your mobile terminal's unique identifier information (IMEI number), Android ID, phone model, system type, system version, network type, and device APP list information to implement APP push services.
(4) VIVO pushes SDK. In order to provide you with timely service notifications, we have used the push SDK provided by "Vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.", which requires obtaining your mobile terminal's unique identifier information (IMEI number), Android ID, phone model, system type, system version, network type, and device APP list information to implement APP push services.
(5) OPPO pushes SDK. In order to provide you with timely service notifications, we have used the push SDK provided by OPPO Guangdong Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. This SDK requires obtaining your mobile terminal's unique identifier information (IMEI number), Android ID, phone model, system type, system version, network type, and device APP list information to implement APP push services and installed application list.
(6) Say hello and push the SDK. In order to timely push service notifications to you, we have used the push SDK provided by "CMB Network Technology Co., Ltd.", which requires obtaining your mobile terminal's unique identifier information (IMEI number), Android ID, phone model, system type, system version, network type, and device APP list information to implement APP push services.
(7) CFCA Cloud Certification SDK. In order to provide you with the Yunzhengtong digital signature service, we used the Yunzhengtong SDK provided by "Zhongjin Financial Certification Center Co., Ltd.". The SDK needs to obtain the name, ID number, face image information, fingerprint permissions, network permissions, and the unique identification information (SERIAL number) of the device terminal, Android ID, IP, MAC address, network type and other information to realize the Yunzhengtong digital signature function.
(8) Tencent X5 Core SDK. In order to facilitate users in opening commonly used files, we used the Tencent X5 kernel SDK provided by Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. to open files in Word, PPT, and other formats.
(9) Tencent Bugly SDK. In order to ensure the stability of the app application, we used the Tencent Bugly SDK provided by "Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd." for abnormal information such as app crashes. The SDK needs to obtain log information (including Logcat logs and app crash stack information), device IDs (including android and idfv), network information, system name, system version, and country code information. The external storage directory of the phone is used for users to store log information and report app abnormal information.
(10) Facial recognition SDK. In order to ensure the safety of user operations, we have used the self-developed facial recognition SDK provided by "CMB Network Technology Co., Ltd." to identify users, obtain user facial information, and ensure that all operations within the APP are performed by the user themselves.
(11) Alibaba FastJson SDK. In order to improve the efficiency of parsing JSON format strings in applications, we use the Alibaba FastJson SDK provided by Alibaba Group Holdings Limited, which does not retrieve your personal information.
(12) Growth Marketing Kit SDK. For marketing promotion, call the push sdk to use the growth marketing suite SDK provided by "Beijing ByteDance Network Technology Co., Ltd.", and the sdk will obtain IP mac、androidID、idfv、 System API version, screen density, and other information are used for promotion.
(13) Tencent Cloud Player and Tencent Cloud Mobile Live SDK. In order to improve the greeting push SDK function, the greeting
The push SDK uses the Tencent Cloud Player SDK provided by Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. This SDK will obtain information such as WI-FI status, device model, operating system, IP, network type, sensor information, etc. to improve the call push function.
(14) Real time audio and video SDK for Soundnet. In order to improve the calling push SDK function, the calling push SDK uses the reputation real-time audio and video SDK provided by Shanghai Zhaoyan Network Technology Co., Ltd. This SDK will obtain IP mac、androidID、idfv、 The system API version, device model, screen density, and other information are used to improve the call push function.
(15) Feihu Interactive Video SDK. In order to improve the calling push SDK function, the calling push SDK uses the reputation real-time audio and video SDK provided by "Feihu Interactive Technology Beijing Co., Ltd.", which will obtain IP mac、androidID、idfv、 The system API version, device model, screen density, and other information are used to improve the call push function.
(16) WeChat SDK. In order to support the Tencent Bugly SDK and Tencent X5 kernel SDK functions, we have referenced the WeChat SDK provided by Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. This SDK will obtain device model and other information to improve the collection of application crash and other information functions.
(17) Google SDK:
① GCM pushes SDK. In order to provide you with real-time facial recognition communication services, we have used the Google GCM Push SDK provided by "Google Inc.", which requires obtaining your mobile terminal's unique identifier information (IMEI number), phone model, system type, system version, network type, and device APP list information to achieve real-time facial recognition communication services.
② Gson SDK. In order to improve the parsing efficiency of JSON format strings in our application, we used the Google Gson SDK provided by Google Inc., which does not retrieve your personal information.
③ Protobuf SDK. In order to parse Protobuf structured data, we used the Google Protobuf SDK provided by Google Inc., which does not retrieve your personal information.
④ Zxing SDK. In order to provide you with QR code scanning and parsing services, we have used the Zxing SDK provided by "Google Inc.", which requires obtaining your phone camera permission to implement the QR code scanning function.
(13) Okhttp3 SDK. In order to implement the basic network communication function of the application, we used the "Square Company" Okhttp3 SDK, which requires obtaining network permissions from your phone to implement HTTP network communication function.
(14) RxJava SDK. In order to quickly develop mobile features, we used the "Square Company" Okhttp3 SDK, which requires obtaining application information (package information) from your phone for the development of corresponding business functions.
(15) RxBinding SDK. In order to quickly develop mobile features, we used the "Square Company" Okhttp3 SDK, which requires obtaining application information (package information) from your phone for the development of corresponding business functions.
(16) ReactNative SDK. In order to quickly develop mobile features, we used the development framework provided by Facebook, which requires the SDK to obtain your phone's file storage permission for the development of corresponding functions.
(17) Mobile application reinforcement framework (third-party name: Beijing Bangbang Security Technology Co., Ltd.). In accordance with national regulatory regulations, in order to ensure the legality and security of your use of this client to conduct business and participate in activities, prevent network security risks, prevent malicious tampering of mobile application software, and prevent personal losses and adverse effects, we have used the APP reinforcement technology of Beijing Bangbang Security Technology Co., Ltd., which has achieved the goal of preventing malicious attacks such as decompilation, secondary packaging, memory injection, dynamic debugging, data theft, transaction hijacking, and application phishing against mobile applications, protecting the security of application software, and not involving the use of permissions and personal information. As reinforcement is not an SDK, there is no initialization feature. The protection strategy runs with the APP startup, and Android reinforcement will use the getPackageInfoAsUser method to obtain Google system at startup. Virtual machine version, This method only obtains the Google system version for matching with the Google system, and does not involve personal information collection.
(18) This application has developed its own CBS SDK. In order to achieve the basic network communication function of the application, the quick login function for users, and the security protection function for user data transmission and storage, we have used our self-developed SKD. This SDK requires obtaining the network permissions of your phone, including Android ID, iOS BundleID, IP, MAC address, system type, system version, device manufacturer, and phone model, to implement HTTP network communication function, quick login function, and ensure the security protection of user data transmission and storage.
If you do not agree to the third-party service provider collecting the aforementioned information, you may not be able to obtain the corresponding services, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP. If the above-mentioned third-party service providers collect the aforementioned information and cause information leakage, the relevant third-party service providers shall bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
6. Other information we collect.
If you or your company choose to use other services provided by us based on your needs, we may need to collect your information that is not included in the above items. At that time, we will use, store, protect, provide, share, and disclose your information in accordance with this policy and the corresponding user agreement.
For situations where collecting your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations does not require your authorization and consent, we will
When collecting personal information, it will be strictly carried out in accordance with the content and procedures of relevant national laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions. Please be informed that if you refuse to agree to the privacy policy, you will not be able to use the CBS app normally.
2、 How do we use personal information
（1） In order to comply with national laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, as well as to provide you with services and improve service quality, or to ensure the security of your account and funds, we will use your information in the following situations:
1. We will use the collected personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy and to achieve the functionality of CBS APP products and/or services.
In order to inform you of the status of using CBS APP services, we will send you service reminders. You can turn off service reminders through the notification settings in the mobile system settings, or turn them back on through the notification settings.
3. In order to ensure the stability, security, effectiveness, and enforceability of our services, we will use your information for identity verification, security prevention, fraud monitoring, prevention or prohibition of illegal/irregular activities, risk reduction, archiving, and backup purposes.
4. Report to relevant departments in accordance with laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, or requirements of national authorities.
5. We invite you to participate in customer research related to our products or services, or to follow up on your feedback.
6. We will conduct comprehensive statistics, analysis and processing of your information in order to provide you with more accurate, personalized, smooth and convenient services, or help us evaluate, improve or design products, services and operational activities. We may provide you with marketing campaigns, commercial electronic information, or advertisements that you may be interested in. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can choose to unsubscribe by following our prompts and clicking on the "Personalized Recommendations" option in "My Settings Privacy Settings" on the CBS app.
7. After collecting your personal information, our bank will use technical means to de identify your information data. The de identified information will not be able to identify the information subject, and we have the right to use it directly without your consent. We also have the right to analyze and commercialize the user database.
8. We will conduct statistics on the usage of our products and features/or services, and may share this statistical information with the public or third parties to demonstrate the overall usage trend of our products and features/or services, but this statistical information does not include any of your identifying information.
9. When it is necessary to strengthen identity verification due to regulatory requirements, business rules and risk control requirements, our bank will use your on-site images and ID card portraits retained at our visual counter, outlet counter, CBS APP and other online pipeline platforms to conduct face recognition when dealing with identity verification business, or inquire and use your identity information and face photo information retained in the above institutions through authorized institutions (including but not limited to the People's Bank of China, the Ministry of Public Security and their authorized institutions) permitted by laws and regulations or authorized by government authorities. When necessary, our bank will provide the identity information and facial recognition related data you submitted to the above-mentioned authoritative institutions for verifying your identity. If you do not agree to our bank's application of the aforementioned information, it may not be possible to complete facial recognition, but it does not affect your use of other services provided by our bank.
10. When you need to access, manage, and modify personal information, in accordance with business rules and risk control requirements, in order to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information you provide, our bank will verify the personal bank account number, bank card reserved mobile phone number, name, and identification number you provided during the verification process with the national authorities, financial institutions, enterprises, institutions, and certification agencies (China Financial Certification Center, CFCA) that legally retain your information.
11. Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not stated in this policy and collects your personal information, our bank will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of information collection and use to you through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., and obtain your authorization and consent before use.
（2） Considering the characteristics of our company's business and your role as an authorized representative of the CBS APP user for the enterprise (unit) you work for/manage, we reserve the right to directly use the information collected from you in accordance with this policy within the scope of fulfilling contract requirements and handling enterprise related business, based on the needs of your enterprise to open/apply for CBS APP or our other electronic platform products, services, and/or functions, without further notice to you.
When we use your information for other purposes not specified in this policy, we will seek your consent in accordance with laws, regulations, and national standards through confirmation agreements, specific scenario confirmation actions, and other forms.
3、 How do we use cookie technology
To ensure the normal operation of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP, we will store small data files called cookies on your mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, the China Merchants Bank CBS APP can store your preference data. We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your mobile device, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to log in again every time you visit the China Merchants Bank CBS APP.
4、 How do we store and protect your personal information
（1） Storage
The personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If some products/services involve cross-border business and we need to transmit relevant personal information collected domestically to overseas institutions, we will comply with laws, regulations, and relevant regulatory authorities, and require overseas institutions to keep the personal information obtained confidential through effective measures such as signing agreements, verification, and encrypted transmission.
We will only store your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this policy and within the time limit specified by laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. For example:
1. Mobile phone number: When
When you need to use the CBS APP service, our bank needs to always save your mobile phone number to ensure that you can use the service normally. When you log out of the CBS APP user, our bank will delete the corresponding information;
2. User profile picture: After you set your profile picture, our bank will always save it for display on the login page. After you log out of the One Stop Network user, our bank will delete the avatar information you have set;
3. Identity Information: When you need to use the CBS APP service, our bank needs to keep your personal identity information to ensure that you can use the service normally. After you cancel your account, we will delete the corresponding information in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements within a reasonable period of time;
4. Account information: If you need to use the CBS APP service, our bank needs to keep the account information of your company at all times to ensure that you can use the service normally. When your company cancels the account, we will delete the corresponding information in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements within a reasonable period of time;
5. Transaction Information: If you need to use the CBS APP service, our bank needs to keep the transaction information of your company at all times to ensure that you can query historical transaction information. When your company cancels its account, we will delete the corresponding information in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements within a reasonable period of time.
6. Facial data: The facial data obtained by our bank will be encrypted and stored in the system backend database for the purpose of assisting in identification and identity verification during business processing, providing evidence in case of disputes, and complying with legal and regulatory requirements (including but not limited to anti money laundering) for storage and retrieval. The retention period shall comply with national laws and regulations. For the local biometric authentication function of certain brands or models of mobile terminals, such as facial recognition function, the information is processed by the mobile terminal provider, and our bank does not retain the information related to your application of mobile terminal functions.
（2） Protection
To ensure the security of your information, we are committed to using various security technologies and supporting management systems that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information we collect or you provide. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to minimize the risks of your information being leaked, damaged, misused, accessed, disclosed, and altered without authorization. For example, encrypted transmission through network security layer software (SSL), encrypted storage of information, strict restriction of data center access, use of dedicated network channels and network proxies. At the same time, we have established relevant internal control systems and adopted the principle of minimum sufficient authorization for staff who may come into contact with your information; Systematically monitor the behavior of staff in handling your information, continuously train staff on relevant laws and regulations, privacy and security guidelines, and strengthen advocacy for security awareness.
2. In case of personal information leakage or other security incidents, we will activate emergency plans in accordance with the law, take measures to prevent the security incident from expanding, and notify you of the security incident, its possible impact on you, and the remedial measures we will take through one or more methods such as email, letter, phone, SMS, and APP push notifications. If it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, our bank will adopt reasonable and effective methods such as announcements to inform them. We will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
3. If all or part of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP business provided by our bank ceases to operate, our relevant products or services will inform you through announcements or other forms, and at the same time, we will stop the collection of your personal information by relevant products or services. We will delete or anonymize your personal information collected and held by relevant products or services to protect your personal information security, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities. If the CBS APP business of China Merchants Bank is interrupted in whole or in part due to various reasons such as technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, human factors, etc., our bank will take emergency response and recovery measures to respond and restore services as soon as possible.
4. In order to ensure the security of your account funds and transactions, our bank will conduct security monitoring on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) used by our partners to obtain relevant information. We will also agree with our partners on strict data protection measures and require them to process personal information in accordance with our bank's entrusted purposes, service instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
5. Please understand that due to various factors, unexpected situations that our bank cannot reasonably foresee, prevent, avoid, or control may occur. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. Please use complex passwords to help us ensure the security of your account. Please make sure to properly keep your CBS APP login password and other identity elements. When you use the CBS APP service, we will identify your identity through your registered phone number, login password, and/or other identity elements. Once you disclose the aforementioned information, you or your company may suffer losses and may have adverse legal consequences for you, for which we are not responsible.
If you discover that the CBS APP login password and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, you should immediately contact us so that we can assist in taking timely measures to avoid or reduce related losses.
5、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any other company, organization, or individual, except for the following information:
1. Obtain your explicit authorization or consent;
2. It is necessary for your company to handle business or for you to operate on CBS APP or other electronic platforms of our bank. Before providing your personal information to the public, we will obtain your separate consent. If you refuse to collect, use or transmit the above information during the provision of services, it may result in you being unable to use the corresponding services in the China Merchants Bank CBS APP, but this does not affect your use of other functions of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP.
3. Please understand that our bank may disclose information in accordance with laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, or mandatory administrative or judicial demands. We will carefully and reasonably review all requirements and make every effort to limit the scope of disclosure to information that law enforcement agencies require and have the right to obtain;
four
Our bank may provide some of your account information and transaction information to our partners (mainly push services or mobile device manufacturers) in order to promptly send account fund changes and related transaction notifications to your mobile devices;
When you use third-party services provided by China Merchants Bank CBS APP, the third party may obtain your nickname, avatar, location, name, ID type, ID number, ID validity period, mobile phone number information, and other necessary information for providing third-party services; Third parties may obtain your above information with your explicit consent or active input; For the relevant information that you voluntarily provide to third parties when using services provided by third parties, our bank will consider that you allow the third party to obtain such information; For the information generated by you when using the third-party service, you should legally agree with the third party on the collection and use of the above information. Before providing information to a third party, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of the information collected by the third party. If you refuse to allow third parties to collect, use, or transmit the above information while providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the corresponding third-party services in the China Merchants Bank CBS APP, but this does not affect your use of other functions of the China Merchants Bank CBS APP.
6. In order to ensure the security of your account funds and transactions, our bank may share necessary information about you or your affiliated enterprises with other banking and financial institutions or third-party payment institutions, including but not limited to receiving account information, IMSI (International Mobile User Identity), IMEI, mobile phone number, and device SEID (serial number of mobile NFC module) information.
7. In order to improve information processing efficiency, reduce information processing costs, or enhance information processing accuracy, we may entrust our affiliated companies or other professional organizations (entrusted companies) with the ability to process your information on our behalf. We will require the trustee to comply with confidentiality obligations in accordance with the law by signing legal documents or other means, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations, or regulatory authorities.
（2） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to other companies, organizations, or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your explicit consent in advance;
2. According to laws and regulations or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
3. According to laws, regulations, regulatory provisions, and business practices, in transactions involving asset transfer, acquisition, merger, restructuring, or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information transfer is involved, we will inform you of the relevant situation and make every effort to require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
1. Our bank will not publicly disclose your personal information. If disclosure is necessary, we will obtain your consent and inform you of the purpose, type, name, contact information, necessity, and impact on personal rights of the personal information processor; We will also inform you of the content of sensitive information and obtain your prior consent if it involves sensitive information;
2. Please understand that our bank may publicly disclose your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements of government regulatory authorities.
6、 Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and national standards, in the following situations where the competent national or regulatory authorities require our bank to provide mandatory information, or for the purpose of fully protecting your rights and interests, or in other reasonable circumstances as agreed here, our bank will process your relevant personal information without seeking your prior authorization and consent:
1. Necessary for fulfilling our legal duties or obligations;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. Necessary to maintain the safety of your or other individuals' lives and property;
6. The personal information processed is either self disclosed to the public or belongs to other legally disclosed personal information;
7. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government public information, and other channels;
8. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;
9. Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting and handling product or service failures, identifying and handling fraud or theft in financial products or services, etc;
10. Other circumstances required by laws, regulations, and regulatory provisions.
7、 How do you access and manage your personal information
You have the right to access, correct, and update your personal information through channels such as China Merchants Bank CBS PC, web, and CBS APP, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations, and regulatory policies. You are responsible for updating your personal information in a timely manner. Before you modify your personal information, we will verify your identity.
（1） Accessing and correcting your personal information
Except as provided by laws and regulations, you have the right to access and correct some of your personal information at any time, including:
1. Personal Information Management
After logging into the CBS APP of China Merchants Bank, you can set up personal information, install mobile security shield, login settings, unlock settings, and message settings in "My".
(1) Personal Information Settings: Supports querying personal basic information and setting avatars.
(2) You can manage your password. If you forget your password, you can click on 'Forget Password' on the login page and follow the steps to reset your new password for login. If you want to change your password, you can click on "Login Settings" - "Change User Password" to make the change.
(3) You can set face password/face ID, face information: "My" - "Settings button"/"Unlock settings" - set face password/face ID.
You have an obligation to ensure the authenticity and validity of the relevant information when performing the above operations. You have an obligation to ensure the authenticity and validity of the relevant information when performing the above operations.
2. Personal information that you are unable to access or correct
In addition to the information listed above, some of your
We are unable to provide you with access or correction services for personal information. This information is mainly collected to ensure transaction security and meet relevant mandatory legal and regulatory requirements, including your device information and personal information generated when you use financial products. Although you cannot change or delete the above information independently, we promise to store, extract, and use it in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and the provisions of this policy. If you want to view relevant personal information, you can log in to CBS Web and click on the avatar button in the upper right corner of the homepage, then click on personal account to view personal information.
3. How to view a copy of personal financial information
If you want to view relevant personal information, you can log in to CBS Web and click on the avatar button in the upper right corner of the homepage, then click on personal account to view personal information.
（2） Delete your personal information
The information that you can directly clear or delete on our product or/and service pages, including bound message records and cache records.
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information from our bank:
If our collection and use of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If our bank collects and uses your personal information without your consent;
3. If our collection and use of personal information violates our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you have cancelled your membership in the China Merchants Bank CBS APP;
If our bank no longer provides you with products or services.
When you delete information from our services, our bank may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
（3） Cancel
Please note that due to the characteristics of the company's business, the CBS APP personal users you register and use are associated/bound with your enterprise, and you are the authorized user representative of the enterprise (unit). If you need to cancel your personal user, you must first exit all enterprises or dissolve your association with all enterprises before completing the cancellation process for personal users. After successfully logging in to the app, click on the account cancellation button in the settings interface, follow the steps to cancel, or contact the corresponding enterprise administrator to cancel the account.
When you successfully cancel your CBS APP personal user account, this behavior is irreversible, and we will no longer collect your information under that user account, except as required by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies. When you cancel the CBS APP user, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your consent to this privacy policy. Our bank will no longer collect, use or provide personal information related to the user through the CBS APP. However, the information you provide or generate during the use of CBS APP services will be stored for the time required by laws, regulations and regulatory requirements.
You can choose to uninstall or delete the China Merchants Bank CBS APP client on your mobile device to prevent our bank from obtaining your personal information, transaction information, or behavioral information. Please note that when you only uninstall or delete the CBS APP client on your mobile device, our bank will not cancel your CBS APP user, and all information about your CBS APP user will not be deleted.
（4） Change the scope of your authorization or revoke your authorization
You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, disabling device functions, setting app privacy, setting mobile device terminal privacy, and other methods. You can also revoke all authorization for our bank to continue collecting your personal information by logging out as a user.
Please note that when you cancel your membership in our CBS APP, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn your consent to this policy, and our bank will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information collection previously carried out based on your authorization.
（5） Responding to your request
If you encounter any issues related to the storage, management, correction, use, deletion or cancellation of your personal information while using the CBS APP, or if you have any doubts about the arrangement of the CBS APP involving your personal information, or if you believe that our bank violates any laws and regulations or agreements with you regarding the collection or use of user information, you can contact us through the contact information in this policy.
To ensure safety, we may require you to provide a written request or other proof of your identity, and we will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are illegal, non compliant, unjustified, potentially repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes). In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request:
1. Necessary for fulfilling our legal duties or obligations;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, and execution of judgments;
5. Our bank has sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice, serious misunderstandings, or abuse of power;
6. Necessary to maintain the safety of your or other individuals' lives and property;
7. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
8. Involving our bank or other third-party trade secrets;
9. It is clearly contrary to the business needs of your company.
8、 Declaration of Third Party Liability
Please note that your counterparty, the third-party website operator you visit, third-party services accessed through us (such as applications provided by third parties in the CBS app), and third parties receiving your personal information through the CBS app may have their own privacy protection policies; When you view the third
When creating web pages or using applications developed by third parties, these third parties may place their own cookies or pixel tags that are not under our control and their use is not subject to this policy. We cannot guarantee that these third-party entities will take effective measures to protect your personal information.
For the relevant information that you voluntarily provide to third parties when using services provided by third parties, our bank will consider that you allow the third party to obtain such information; For the information generated when you use third-party services, you should legally agree with the third party on the collection and use of the above information. Therefore, in the process of using the CBS APP, if it involves using, viewing, or otherwise accessing third-party websites, products, or services, please contact them directly to obtain detailed information about their privacy policies and conduct necessary evaluations and considerations on your own.
You understand that the services provided by third parties are independently operated and fully responsible by the third party. Any disputes arising from the services provided by third parties or their use of your information, or their violation of relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this agreement, or any losses suffered by you during the use of their services, please negotiate with the third party to resolve them. For issues that require third-party resolution, our bank will make commercially reasonable efforts to promote third-party resolution.
When you use third-party services through the CBS app, if the third-party service user authorization agreement clearly states that your facial recognition related data will be used, clicking 'agree' will be deemed as your agreement to provide facial recognition related data to the third-party organization. Our bank requires third-party service providers to commit to fulfilling their information security protection obligations and to securely store and use your facial information. But you should be aware that our bank does not guarantee the information protection capability or behavior of third-party service providers.
9、 Special Agreement on the Privacy Rights of Minors
（1） Minors using our services must be under the supervision of their parents or other guardians. We will protect the confidentiality and security of minors' personal information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.
（2） If you are a minor, we suggest that your parents or guardians read this policy and use our services or provide us with your information with their consent. For the use of your information with the consent of your parents or guardians, we will only use or share this information as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of your parents or guardians, or as necessary to protect your rights. If your guardian does not agree to your use of our services or provision of information to us in accordance with this policy, please immediately terminate your use of our services and notify us promptly so that we can take appropriate measures.
（3） If you are a minor, the account registered with a minor ID needs to be linked to the email or mobile phone of your guardian/agent. During registration, we will send verification information to your guardian's mailing address to remind them to confirm again. At the same time, when making the technical settings agreed upon by the guardian, we will provide your guardian with the option to refuse.
（4） If you are the parent or guardian of a minor and have any questions about the processing of their personal information, please contact us through the contact information provided in this policy.
10、 Update, confirmation, and review of this policy
（1） Update
This policy applies to all services of CBS APP. We may update this policy and related rules from time to time in the following situations:
1. Our basic situation has changed, such as changes in ownership caused by mergers, acquisitions, and reorganizations;
2. Changes in the scope, purpose, and rules of collecting, storing, and using personal information;
3. The object, scope, and purpose of providing personal information to external parties have changed;
4. Changes in the way you access and manage personal information;
5. Changes in data security capabilities and information security risks;
6. The channels and mechanisms for user inquiries and complaints, as well as changes in external dispute resolution agencies and contact information;
7. National laws, regulations, and regulatory policies have new provisions or requirements;
8. Other changes that may have a significant impact on your personal information rights.
If this policy is updated, we will notify you through CBS APP announcements/push notifications/pop ups, sending emails/short messages, or publishing announcements on the official website of China Merchants Bank (we will choose one or more methods according to the actual situation). After the announcement, it will take effect and replace the previous relevant content. You should pay attention to changes in relevant announcements, prompt information, agreements, rules, and other related content from time to time. In order for you to receive notifications in a timely manner, we suggest that you notify us promptly when your contact information is updated or update it yourself in the CBS APP.
（2） Confirm
When you first launch the CBS APP client after installation, or when this policy is updated and released, the system will display this policy to you. By clicking confirm, you will be deemed to have clearly understood and acknowledged the processing rules for your personal information as stipulated in this policy.
If you continue to use CBS APP services after this policy update takes effect, it means that you have fully read, understood, and accepted the updated policy and are willing to be bound by it. You acknowledge and confirm that if you do not agree with the updated content, you should immediately stop using the corresponding service and cancel the relevant user. Our bank will stop collecting your personal information.
Any situation that we notify or inform you of in this policy shall be subject to the arrangements regarding notification in the preceding paragraph.
（3） View
You can view this policy on the CBS app through "My → About CBS". We encourage you to review our privacy policy every time you use the CBS app, and to pay attention to relevant announcements, tips, agreements, rules, and other related content changes from time to time.
11、 Keyword description in this policy
The keywords in this policy are described as follows:
1. Identity elements refer to the information elements used by CBS APP to identify your identity, such as your CBS APP login name, password, SMS verification code, phone number, mobile phone number, ID number, biometric information (such as fingerprint information
Facial information/Face ID.
2. Personal information refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways. Personal information includes name, date of birth, identification documents (ID card, passport, etc.), personal biometric information, communication contact information, address, communication records and content, account password, account information, property information, credit information, whereabouts, location information, transaction information, etc. Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety. The sensitive personal information referred to in this policy mainly includes biometric, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health, financial accounts, whereabouts and other information, as well as information of minors under the age of fourteen.
3. Cookie refers to a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client side, expanding web-based client/server applications by adding simple and persistent client states. The server sends a status message to the client while returning an HTTP object, which is saved by the client. The status information indicates the valid URL range in that state. Afterwards, all HTTP requests initiated by the client within this range will return the current value of the status information from the client to the server, which is called a cookie.
4. De identification refers to the process of processing personal information to make it impossible to identify a specific natural person without the need for additional information.
5. Anonymization refers to the process in which personal information cannot be identified as a specific natural person and cannot be recovered after processing.
12、 Jurisdiction and Application of Law
（1） The establishment, effectiveness, implementation, interpretation, and dispute resolution of this policy shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China (excluding the laws of Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan).
（2） When you have any disputes with us due to the implementation of this policy, you should first negotiate and resolve them amicably; If we cannot resolve the issue through negotiation, both you and we have the right to bring a lawsuit to the court with jurisdiction over the location of China Merchants Bank (i.e. Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China).
（3） The titles of all clauses in this policy are for ease of reading only and have no actual meaning in themselves, and cannot be used as a basis for interpreting the meaning of this policy.
（4） The terms of this policy are partially invalid or unenforceable for any reason, and the remaining terms remain valid and binding on you and us.
13、 How to contact us
If you have any questions, complaints, opinions, or suggestions regarding this policy or your personal information, please call our customer service hotline (95555), visit our official website (WWW.CMBCHINA.COM), or contact any of our branches for consultation or feedback. After receiving your question, we will handle it promptly and properly.
Our bank has established a personal information protection team. You can send an email to mailto: 95555@cmbchina.com The way to connect with it.
Normally, our bank will provide a response within 15 working days.
