Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
（V3.5.1）
Update Date: August 22, 2023
hot tip
Shanghai Xunmeng Information Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as "Pinduoduo" or "us")
We place great emphasis on protecting the personal information of our users (hereinafter referred to as "you"), given that you are using our products or
When providing services, we may collect your relevant information to help you fully understand how we collect and utilize it
Use, share, store, and protect your personal information, as well as how you can manage your personal information for your convenience
To make appropriate choices, we have formulated this Pinduoduo Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy").
Before you begin using our products or services, please read and thoroughly understand this document
Policies (especially those highlighted in bold or bold underlined) should be used after confirming full understanding and agreement
Close the product or service. If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact us through the contact information provided in this policy
Let's get in touch.
You agree to this policy, which means that you are aware of and agree to the use of our basic functions when we collect and process information
Turning off necessary information does not mean that you agree to other additional functions that collect and process non essential personal information
We will separately seek your consent for the processing of personal information.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1. Scope of application
2. Information collection and use
3. Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
4. Information sharing, entrusted processing, transfer, and public disclosure
5. Information Storage and Protection
6. User's personal information rights and interests
7. Protection of Personal Information of Minors
8. Policy updates
9. Other
Appendix: Relevant definitions and explanations
1. Scope of application
This policy applies to Pinduoduo's website, client, mini program, and new forms that emerge with technological development
The various products and services you provide. If the products or services we provide have separate privacy policies or corresponding
If there are special provisions in the user service agreement, the privacy policy or user service agreement of the product or service shall prevail
Applicable first, but for content not covered by the privacy policy and user service agreement of the product or service, this policy shall apply
The content shall prevail. If we and our affiliated companies use products or services provided by Pinduoduo in their products or services
If no independent privacy policy is set up, this policy also applies to that part of the product or service.
Except for the information collection and use activities described in this policy, this policy does not apply to Pinduoduo Comprehensive Service Platform
Other services provided to you by Taiwanese merchants and other third parties shall be subject to the personal information provided to you separately
Rules for collecting and using information. For example, when you join a merchant's membership, the use of membership information by such merchants is appropriate
Use the rules specifically explained to you.
2. Information collection and use
When you use Pinduoduo products or services, the specific functional scenarios we provide for you include the following categories:,
To achieve the purpose of providing you with online shopping services, our basic functions include registration and login, and displaying products/
Service, trading and after-sales, ensuring account and transaction security, etc. You must authorize us to collect and use necessary information
If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you may not be able to use our products or services normally
2.1.  Registration and Login
2.1.1.  When you register as a Pinduoduo user using your own mobile phone number, we will send a verification code via SMS
To verify the validity of your identity. When you use the "One Click Login with Local Number" feature, we are based on
The cooperation with the communication operator will, with your consent, use the functions provided by the communication operator to set you up
The backup phone number is used as your registration/login account and is exempt from SMS verification code verification, providing you with convenient access
Registration and login services. If you do not wish to use the "One Click Login with Local Number" feature, you can use other methods
Register and log in to your Pinduoduo account.
When you log in to your Pinduoduo account using third-party accounts such as WeChat and QQ, we will obtain your authorization to access your account
Three party account information (including avatars, nicknames, and other information displayed on third-party authorization pages) to assist you
Log in and use the Pinduoduo Comprehensive Service Platform (hereinafter referred to as "Pinduoduo Comprehensive Platform") to protect your account security
All right.
Among them, the avatar and nickname you set will be publicly displayed. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to register or log in
Record your Pinduoduo account, but you can still browse or search for products/services (hereinafter referred to as "products").
2.1.2 In addition, in scenarios such as account recovery and mobile number unbinding, to ensure account security, you may need to follow authentication procedures
Request to submit corresponding identity document information and/or facial information to complete real name authentication (for your convenience in completing real name authentication)
Authentication, the system may automatically recommend the identity letter you provided to us when using Pinduoduo products/services in the past
Rest).
2.2.  Display products/services
2.2.1.  To provide you with page displays and search results that better meet your needs, and to better showcase our services to you
We may collect device information and daily data from you when accessing or using the Pinduoduo comprehensive platform for related services provided
Zhixin and other authorized information obtained from you. You can also choose to receive products/services that interest you
Establish a following relationship with merchants you are interested in, and share products with third parties through the functional components we provide/
Service information, during your use of the above functions, we may collect information including your search history, browsing history, etc
The log information including history, collection records, and attention relationships is used to achieve the above functions and other information that we explicitly declare
The purpose of knowledge.
2.2.2.  We may also use your above information and other authorized information obtained from you (such as order information)
Extract your preference features and recommend content that you may be interested in based on your preference features, including but not limited to
Limited to matching products/services or other information that you may be interested in, regarding the products/services or other information displayed to you
Sort the information and send you commercial messages using the contact information you provide, such as registered phone number and shipping phone number
Information, displaying advertisements to you through systems or other means
.
At the same time, we also provide protection for your privacy through the following measures (the following methods and related documents can be found)
It may be adjusted with the optimization of the product, and the specific details are subject to the page display
(1) If you need to view rankings that are not based on your personal characteristics when using our on-site search service
Adjust the sorting method, you can click on "sales volume", "friends have tried", "brand" or other options on the search results page
Sort the available dimensions on his page, or click "Filter" and select "Price Range" or "Featured Services" from them
Set the dimensions of "business", "product shipping location", "receiving location" or other optional pages to filter search results.
(2) If you do not wish to receive information about the products/services we recommend to you, you can long press the recommended item
Product or service images, choose to reduce or block similar products/services according to the page prompts; You can also do it on Pinduoduo
Disable personalized content recommendation in the "Personal Center - Settings - FAQ - Personalized Recommendation Management" section of the client.
(3) If you want to manage the ads we send you (including personalized ads displayed by the system or through other third-party channels)
The advertisements pushed to you by the Fang application can be set up in the Pinduoduo client under "Personal Center - Settings - Account and Security Personalized Advertising Management" or "Personal Center - Settings - Frequently Asked Questions - Personalized Advertising Management".
(4) If you do not wish to receive commercial short messages we send you, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in the message
Choose to unsubscribe or use the Pinduoduo app under "Personal Center - Settings - Message Reception Settings - Discount Activity SMS" to close
We will send you commercial short messages (you understand and agree that in order for you to receive relevant information, commercial short messages)
The sending of information will be enabled by default.
2.3.  Trading and after-sales service
2.3.1.  Order information
When you place an order to purchase a product/service on the Pinduoduo comprehensive platform, the system will generate a booking for your purchase of that product/service
Single. You need to fill in at least the recipient's name (or title), shipping address, and shipping phone number in the order
The recipient is not yourself, you need to ensure that you have obtained the actual receipt when providing the aforementioned information of the actual recipient
Human consent. This order will also include the order number, information about the product/service you purchased, order time, and shipping cost
Single time, discounts you have used, actual transaction amount you have paid, and payment method you have used. According to some sections
You may also need to provide information on the characteristics of the product/service and the requirements of applicable laws and regulations when purchasing the product/using the service
Other necessary information (subject to page display), such as providing your ID card when it comes to cross-border transactions
Provide information to complete customs clearance. If you do not purchase such goods/use such services, you do not need to provide relevant information.
All the above information constitutes your 'order information'. You understand and agree that we may use your order information
To verify your identity, confirm transactions, settle payments, complete deliveries, check your orders, and provide customer service
Consultation and after-sales service, etc; We may also use your order information to determine if there are any abnormalities in your transaction
To ensure the security of your transactions.
2.3.2.  Payment Information
After placing your order, you can use third-party payment institutions supported by the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform system, including WeChat
Payment, Alipay, Duoduo Wallet, QQ Wallet, etc., subject to the payment method provided on the page)
Payment, we need to provide your order number, transaction amount, and other necessary payment and legal requirements information (as follows)
Collectively referred to as "payment information", provided to the payment institution of your choice to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment
Pay.
You can also request your WeChat friends to make payment for you. At this time, you need to provide your Pinduoduo account nickname and avatar, as well as a proxy
Provide you with the payment amount and product/service information (subject to actual display on the page) to the selected payment agent for implementation
It will help you make the payment on your behalf.
In order to keep us informed and confirm your payment progress and status in a timely manner, and to provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, you
Agree that we may collect payment progress updates from the transaction partner you have chosen or from the third-party payment institution you have chosen
Related information.
2.3.3.  Delivery information
When you place an order and choose to pay later or complete the payment online, you acknowledge and agree that the provider of the goods/services
(also known as "merchants"), logistics delivery entities, or other logistics service providers may use your consignee
Name (or title), shipping address, shipping phone number, and other necessary information for delivery (collectively referred to as "delivery")
Information "is used to complete the delivery of goods/services for you. For the purpose of providing you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, I
We need to be informed and confirm the delivery progress and status in a timely manner. You agree that we can collect from the logistics service provider
Collect information related to delivery schedule. Among them, the logistics delivery entities include express delivery companies, warehousing companies, and trunk transportation companies
Input companies and other third parties involved in the delivery of goods/services.
2.3.4.  Information required for customer service and after-sales service
When you contact us or apply for in sales, after-sales, or dispute resolution, in order to protect your account and system
For security purposes, we require you to provide necessary personal information such as account information to verify your identity.
For the convenience of contacting you, recording, resolving any related issues you have raised, or evaluating the quality of after-sales service, we may
Save your communication, communication/call records, and related content (including your contact information, account information, order letters)
To assist customer service personnel in completing the service you requested, information provided by you to prove relevant facts (such as interest or other relevant information).
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use your other information, including your
The relevant information provided when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information sent to us when you participated in the survey.
2.4.  Ensure account and transaction security
To fulfill the legal obligation of ensuring the security of e-commerce transactions and improve the security of your use of Pinduoduo products and services
Sexual protection ensures the personal and property safety of you, other users, or the public, and better prevents network vulnerabilities and computer diseases
More accurate identification of risks such as drugs, cyber attacks, and fraud, in violation of the law
Legal regulations or Pinduoduo comprehensive platform related agreements
In the case of discussions and rules, we may obtain account information, transaction information, and device information (including
Application list information, application version information, Android ID, IMEI are only available for Pinduoduo before version 6.63.0
APP, OAID/IDFA, Mac address, device network environment, sensor information such as acceleration and gravity, daily
We use information obtained from your authorization or legally shared by our affiliated companies and partners to determine your identity
Account and transaction risks, identity verification, detection and prevention of security incidents, and necessary records and measures taken in accordance with the law
Analysis, audit, and disposal measures.
2.5.  Information disclosure and video browsing
2.5.1.  Evaluation and Comment: You can choose to post through the evaluation and other information publishing functions we provide for you
Evaluate, publicly release images/videos, and share information about purchased goods/services. We respect and protect
Your settings for whether to publish relevant information and the scope of publication. When you comment on reviews or videos posted by other users, etc
When commenting on content, your avatar, nickname, and comment content will be publicly displayed.
The information you publicly release may involve your personal information or even sensitive personal information. Please choose carefully whether or not to
release; If the information you publicly release involves personal information of others, please be sure to obtain their prior consent.
2.5.2.  Content publishing: When you create/edit, publish audio and video content, your profile picture, nickname, and published content
Text, images, audio and video, related links, location, as well as related comments, interactions, and other information will be collected.
2.5.3.  Video and audio browsing: When you browse video and live content, in order to optimize your user experience and enable you to
To obtain personalized content, we may use your followers, likes, interactions, searches, views, and shares
Enjoy the record.
2.6.  Sharing and Interaction
2.6.1.  Friend interaction: You can add friends through QR code, if you authorize us to read your communication
You can also add contacts as friends. You understand and agree that we may tailor our services based on your and other users' preferences
Interactive behaviors during the processes of sharing, following, and participating in activities, as well as authorized phone numbers for you and other users
Code, contact list, and other relationships are used to recommend you as a friend or to recommend you to corresponding users.
2.6.2.  Live room interaction: When you watch a live stream, your profile picture, nickname, and interactive information in the live room (such as reviews)
Comments, likes, followers, tips, gifts, and group buying information may be publicly displayed (or desensitized) in the live broadcast room
We may also collect your interaction information to form statistical data within the live broadcast room (such as rankings)
Single, popular, etc.) and publicly displayed.
2.6.3.  Information and event sharing: Pinduoduo allows you to share or receive shared information, participate in events, etc
You often need to access your clipboard locally to read the passwords, sharing codes, and links contained in it, in order to achieve skip operations
Functions or services such as forwarding, sharing, and event linkage. Pinduoduo only recognizes locally that the clipboard content belongs to Pinduoduo
It will only be uploaded to our server when there are instructions such as jump, share, and activity linkage. Besides, Pinduoduo is not
We will upload other information from your clipboard to our server. Additionally, we may need to read your phone photo
Book to facilitate your sharing or receiving of shared videos and images.
Please understand that some mobile devices' systems may prompt that an app is reading the clipboard or photo album, but this system
The system cannot distinguish whether it is processed locally or uploaded, and due to differences in statistical methods, false positives cannot be ruled out
Can. Therefore, if you find similar prompts and have any questions, please contact us so that we can locate the issue.
2.7.  Provide additional services based on system permissions for you
To provide you with higher quality, satisfactory, and personalized products or services, and strive to enhance your user experience, we
It may be possible to collect your personal information by granting system permissions. If you do not provide this information, you will still
You may be able to access the basic features provided by Pinduoduo, but you may not be able to obtain the additional information that comes with it
User experience. You can click on the "Pinduoduo Permission Application List" to view the application permission application and usage instructions.
You can go to "Settings" on your device or "Personal Center - Settings - Account and Security - System Permission Management" on the Pinduoduo client
View the status of relevant permissions and decide whether to enable or disable them (if applicable). When you activate
Any permission represents your authorization for us to collect personal information corresponding to that permission to achieve the corresponding goals. Once you close
Closing any permission means that you have revoked the corresponding authorization, and we will no longer continue to collect this personal information, nor will we be able to
You have achieved the target corresponding to this authorization. However, your decision to close permissions will not affect any previous actions based on your authorization
Processing of personal information.
2.8 Third party SDK or other similar applications
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our products or services, so that you can use and enjoy more services and
Functionality, our application will embed third-party SDKs or other similar applications. About our access
The collection of personal information related to third-party SDKs can be found in the Pinduoduo Third Party SDK Catalog. You can do it through
Pinduoduo client "Personal Center - Settings - Account and Security - System Permission Management - Third Party SDK Management"
Administration.
Note: We would like to remind you that due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, and the different choices made by users
There may be differences in the specific products or services used, so the type and scope of personal information collected and used may vary accordingly
Difference, the actual collection and use of your personal information shall be based on the products and services you enjoy.
3. Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.1.  When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more messages to your device
Cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") are used to collect and identify information
And store your access, use me
Information about our products or services. We use cookies mainly to ensure the security and efficiency of our products and services
Operate, understand your usage habits, help you save the step of repeatedly entering registration information, or assist in judging your
Account security, and at the same time, we may use cookies to display information functions that you may be interested in, to help
Assist you in optimizing the selection and interaction of advertisements.
3.2.  If your browser or browser add ons allow it, you can use the clearing browser cache provided by your browser
According to the function, perform corresponding data clearing operations, modify the acceptance level of cookies, or reject our
Cookie。 You may not be able to use the corresponding services or features that rely on cookies due to these modifications.
3.3.  You understand and agree that there may be some electronic issues when accessing or using the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform
Images, referred to as "single pixel GIF files" or "network beacons" or other similar technologies (collectively referred to as "network")
beacon”）。 We may use network beacons to help calculate users who use Pinduoduo's comprehensive service platform
Quantity or access to certain cookies to identify Pinduoduo users.
4. Information sharing, entrusted processing, transfer, and public disclosure
4.1.  share
Please be aware that we will only share your information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes
And only share personal information necessary for providing products or services. Regarding the specific scenarios of our information sharing, please provide details
Please refer to the attached policy document 'Pinduoduo Information Sharing Checklist'.
Please note that the information you voluntarily share while using our services may involve personal information of you or others
Sensitive personal information. Please consider more carefully and make a decision.
We will not share your personal information with any individual, company, or group other than Pinduoduo, except in the following circumstances
Weaving:
4.1.1 Sharing with Your Consent: With your consent, we may share your personal information with other parties
Rest.
4.1.2 Sharing necessary to fulfill legal obligations: We may, in accordance with laws and regulations, resolve disputes or lawsuits
Necessary, or as required by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law, as well as necessary for fulfilling other statutory obligations
Enjoy your personal information.
4.1.3 Sharing necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party: You use Pinduoduo's comprehensive
When purchasing goods/services on the service platform, we may include your order information in the transaction information based on your choice
Share relevant information with third-party entities such as merchants or logistics delivery to facilitate your transactions, deliveries, and after-sales services
Requirement.
4.1.4 Sharing with affiliated companies: In order to facilitate the affiliated companies to provide you with some services, or to show you what you may be interested in
Content, or to protect the security of your account and transactions, or to protect the personal and financial interests of Pinduoduo and/or other users or the public
Your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies to prevent infringement of production safety.
4.2 Commissioned Processing
We may entrust our partners or affiliated companies to process your personal information in order for them to provide you with certain services on our behalf
We will only provide services or perform functions within the processing purposes, methods, scope, or basis authorized by you to us
Entrust them to process your information under legal and legitimate circumstances as stipulated by law.
Currently, our partners include the following types:
(1) Advertising and analytics service partners. We will entrust these partners to handle advertising coverage and
Validity related information, but we will not provide your personal identification information, or we will de label this information
Cognitive processing so that it does not identify your personal identity. These types of partners may combine the above information with them
Combine other data obtained through legal means to execute our commissioned advertising services or decision-making recommendations.
(2) Suppliers, service providers, and other partners. We may entrust your personal information to support
Pinduoduo's partner services include providing us with infrastructure technology services, data analysis services
Suppliers of security services, customer service, etc.
4.2.2 In order to ensure and optimize our services, when we provide products or services to you, affiliated companies may delegate
Entrusting the processing of some of your personal information, the platform information operated by affiliated companies is as follows:
You can browse the "Pinduoduo Platform" (Shanghai Xunmeng Information Technology Co., Ltd.) on the Pinduoduo Comprehensive Service Platform
Duoduo Maicai Platform "(Shanghai Yucan Information Technology Co., Ltd.)," Pinduoduo International Platform "[Hong Kong]
Product/service information on platforms such as Walnut Street Limited in Hong Kong. To ensure that you
Can browse information normally, complete transactions, and use other Pinduoduo comprehensive platform services to protect your transactions and account
Regarding security, we may be entrusted by the corresponding platform operator to provide you with relevant information on the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform
The operation records of the product (including browsing and placing orders, etc.), as well as your use of Pinduoduo user account login for trading or
Use other platform services and other information for processing.
4.3.  transfer the possession of
When it comes to mergers, divisions, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other similar transactions that require the transfer of personal information, we will inform
You inform the recipient of your name or contact information, and the company or organization that receives your personal information will continue to be subject to
The constraints of this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will seek authorization from you again
Right to agree.
4.4.  Public disclosure
Pinduoduo attaches great importance to protecting your personal information, and we will not disclose it to unrelated third parties, let alone
It shall be made public, except for those disclosed for the following reasons:
(1) Obtain your separate consent or based on your voluntary choice;
(2) According to the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, it is necessary to provide your personal information
In such cases, we may determine the type of personal information and disclosure method required
Publicly disclose your personal information;
(3) Other circumstances that can be disclosed according to legal provisions or mutual agreement. If you seriously violate laws and regulations or
We may disclose your relevant violations and the measures we have taken against you regarding the relevant agreements and rules.
5. Information Storage and Protection
5.1.  Storage location of user information
Your personal information will be stored entirely within the territory of the People's Republic of China, except in the following circumstances:
(1) There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
(2) Obtain your separate consent;
(3) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of cross-border e-commerce transactions and other types of contracts to which you are a party.
In response to the above situation, we will provide protection for your personal information in accordance with this policy and relevant laws and regulations.
5.2.  Storage period of user information
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless an extension of retention is required
As permitted or required by laws and regulations, such as the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requiring goods and services
The retention time of information and transaction information shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. After exceeding the storage period, we
We will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws.
We determine the storage period of personal information mainly based on the following criteria:
(1) To complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records to respond to your possible inquiries or
complaint;
(2) Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
(3) Do you agree to a longer retention period;
(4) According to the relevant requirements of the statute of limitations for litigation;
(5) Is there any other special agreement or legal regulation regarding the retention period.
5.3.  Personal Information Protection
5.3.1.  principle
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information and will use security measures that comply with industry standards to protect your personal information
Information to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of data.
5.3.2.  Technical measures
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, in your browser and server
When exchanging data between them, they are protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing mode for the Pinduoduo website;
We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being compromised
Malicious attack.
5.3.3.  Management measures
We will take management measures such as developing data operation procedures, establishing security management systems, and setting up specialized security departments
To ensure the security of your personal information; Deploy access control mechanisms and adopt authorization methods to minimize access to individuals
Data, ensuring that only authorized personnel can access personal information; Establish a security management system to prevent personal information leakage
Wait for a security incident to occur and establish emergency plans and remedial measures to prevent further escalation of unexpected security incidents
Fulfill relevant reporting and notification obligations in accordance with the law; Set up a dedicated team for personal information protection to be fully responsible for information protection
Organize security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
5.3.4.  Security precautions and reminders
The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. We strongly recommend that you do not use non Pinduo when using Pinduoduo service
Multiple recommended communication methods for sending personal information. You can establish connections and share with each other through our services. When
When you create communication, transactions, or sharing through our services, you have the freedom to choose which ones to communicate, trade, or share
Elephant, as a third party that can see your transaction content, contact information, communication information, or shared content and other related information
Three parties.
When using Pinduoduo services for online transactions, it is inevitable that you will have to deal with the counterparty or potential counterparty
Disclose personal information such as contact information or address. Please protect your personal information properly, only
Provide to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information, especially your account or password, has been leaked
Lu, please contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate measures based on your application.
As mentioned above, Pinduoduo will use various security technologies, procedures, and systems to prevent the loss or improper use of users' personal information
Unauthorized viewing or disclosure. If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, we will comply with the law
We are required by regulations to inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, as well as the measures we have taken or will take
The disposal measures, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you. Event related situation
We will inform you through letters, phone calls, push notifications, etc. If it is difficult to inform each individual of their personal information, I will
We will adopt reasonable and effective methods to release announcements. At the same time, we will also report to the regulatory authorities in accordance with their requirements
The handling of human information security incidents.
6. User's personal information rights and interests
6.1.  Access, correction, and supplementation of user personal information
You have the right to access, correct, and supplement your information through the following methods, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or this policy
Unless otherwise specified in the Pinduoduo User Service Agreement or set on different pages.
6.1.1.  Account Information - If you wish to view or edit personal basic information in your account, you can log in to Pinpin
Duoduo client can be accessed through "Personal Center - My Profile (by clicking on avatar or nickname)" or "Homepage - Duoduo
Perform this type of operation by selecting "Video - Top Left Avatar - Personal Page".
6.1.2.  Search information - You can log in to your account and view or clear your search history through the "Home - Top Search Box".
6.1.3.  Browse information - You can log in to your account and view or clear your browsing history through "Personal Center - Historical Browsing".
6.1.4.  Order Information - You can log in to your account and access or clear your order records through "Personal Center - My Orders"
Single records, transaction records, etc.
6.1.5.  Posting Information - You can log in to your account and view it through "Home - Duoduo Video - Top Left Avatar - Personal Page - Works"
Or delete your work.
6.1.6.  To log in to the Pinduoduo client, you can go to "Personal Center - Settings - Personal Information"
Unified search of relevant information collection list
personal information.
6.1.7.  If you are unable to access this information through the above path, you can contact us through Pinduoduo's comprehensive platform customer service.
For other personal information generated during your use of our products or services, we will respond in accordance with this policy
We will provide you with the relevant arrangements in response to your above request.
6.2.  Copying of User Personal Information
You can log in to the Pinduoduo client and download your personal information through "Personal Center - Settings - Account and Security - Personal Information Download"
Export relevant personal information (such as basic account information) and/or access and correct user personal information through "User Personal Information Review and Correction"
Copy your personal information after querying the path listed in 'and supplementing'.
6.3.  Deletion of User Personal Information
You can delete some of your personal information through the methods listed in "Viewing, Correcting, and Supplementing User Personal Information",
Except for those that are required by laws and regulations to be preserved.
In the following situations, you can request the deletion of personal information by contacting customer service:
(1) Our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) Our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
(3) We have stopped providing products or services or the shelf life has expired;
(4) We collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(5) Our purpose of processing personal information has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify you as much as possible to obtain your personal information from us
The subject and request timely deletion (unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, or these subjects have independently obtained your order)
I completely agree.
When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technology limitations, we may not be able to
By deleting the corresponding information from the backup system, we will securely store your personal information and restrict any access to it
One step processing until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
6.4.  Change the scope of your authorization or revoke your authorization
You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information by deleting information, disabling device permissions, etc
Suspend or revoke your authorization. You can also withdraw our continued collection of your personal information by canceling your account
Partial or complete authorization.
Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to complete, in which case we may not have access to it
The law responds to your request to change the scope of authorization. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with a withdrawal
Agree or authorize the corresponding services, and no longer process your personal information. But if you withdraw your consent or authorization,
It will not affect the processing of information previously based on your authorization.
6.5.  Cancel account
6.5.1.  You can go to "Personal Center - Settings - Account and Security - Account Cancellation" on the Pinduoduo client or contact the official Pinduoduo account
Customer service and enter "Cancel" to view the method of account cancellation and the conditions you should meet. When you successfully apply for cancellation
After our review and approval of your Pinduoduo account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information,
Except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
6.5.2.  If we terminate the service or operation, we will notify you at least thirty days in advance and notify you before the termination of the service or operation
Afterwards, your personal information will be deleted or anonymized.
6.6.  In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you or other legally designated entities (such as your close relatives in specific situations) may submit a request to us
When making the above request, we may first ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will
You will respond within fifteen days after verifying your identity. If you are not satisfied, you can also contact Pinduoduo customer service and
Call 021-53395288 to file a complaint. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for many
We will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation for requests that are repeated or exceed reasonable limits. For those who are with you
Information that is not directly associated with identity, baseless repetition, and requires excessive technical means (such as the need to develop new systems or...)
We can fundamentally change current practices, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or make very unrealistic requests
Can be refused.
6.7.  The rights of close relatives of the deceased
If a Pinduoduo user unfortunately passes away, their close relatives can contact us through official customer service and submit relevant documents
Provide evidence to exercise the legitimate rights and interests stipulated by law.
7. Protection of Personal Information of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. In e-commerce activities, we assume that you have corresponding civil rights
Behavioral ability. If you are a minor under the age of 18, please read this policy carefully with your guardian,
And use our services or provide us with information with the consent of your guardian.
If you are a child under the age of 14, please read me carefully with your guardian before using our services
We have specially formulated the "Pinduoduo Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" to ensure that guardians have a clear understanding of the "Pinduoduo Children's Personal Information Protection Rules"
After obtaining the consent of the Personal Information Protection Rules, you can use our services under the guidance of your guardian to ensure that you
Security when using our services and conducting transactions. If you are the guardian of a child, please pay attention to whether the child is present
After obtaining your authorization and consent, use our services. If you have any questions about children's personal information, please contact our
Contact the dedicated team for personal information protection.
8. Policy updates
8.1.  We may modify this policy in a timely manner based on the updates of our products and services and relevant legal and regulatory requirements
The terms of the policy, such modifications constitute a part of this policy, and we will publicize them on the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform
In the new version, if there are significant changes in the purpose, method, and scope of collecting your personal information, we will also
Notify you of updated content through internal messages or other appropriate means, so that you can stay informed of the latest privacy policies in a timely manner
Strategy.
8.2.  We will also archive the old version of this policy for your reference.
8.3.  For you
If you can receive notifications in a timely manner, we suggest that you notify us promptly when your contact information is updated. If you are in this policy
Continuing to use our services after the update takes effect means that you have fully read, understood, and accepted the updated policy
And willing to be bound by the updated policies. We encourage you to review this policy every time you use our services. you
You can view this policy on the Pinduoduo app through "Personal Center - Settings - About Pinduoduo - Privacy Policy".
9. Other
9.1.  Independence of terms
If any provision or part of any provision in this policy is deemed invalid or illegal under applicable law
Or it may not be enforceable, and such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability does not affect any of the provisions of this policy
The validity of its terms or any other part of these terms. The title or summary of these privacy policy terms is for reference only
The use of this policy does not define, affect, or limit the meaning, description, and interpretation of its terms, including the subject matter, abstract, and corresponding provisions
If there is any inconsistency in the payment, the content stipulated in the terms shall prevail.
9.2.  contact us
9.2.1.  If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding this policy or your personal information, please contact Pinduoduo Comprehensive
Platform customer service or contact us through "Personal Center - Settings - Feedback" on the Pinduoduo app.
9.2.2.  We have also established a dedicated team for personal information protection. You can send an email to
privacy@pinduoduo.com Contact us. Our registered address is Loushanguan Road, Changning District, Shanghai
Room 2902-2913, 533. Please note that we may not respond to this policy or your personal information rights
Unrelated issues.
9.2.3.  Normally, we will reply within fifteen days. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially our
The processing of personal information has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, and you can also seek legal action against the defendant's domicile under the law that has jurisdiction
The court filed a lawsuit to seek a solution.
9.3.  effective date
This policy first came into effect on August 29, 2017, was updated on August 22, 2023, and became effective on August 30, 2023
Revision takes effect. Click to view the old version of Pinduoduo Privacy Policy.
Appendix: Relevant definitions and explanations
1. Pinduoduo Comprehensive Service Platform: also known as "Comprehensive Platform", including Pinduoduo Platform, Duoduo Maicai Platform, and Pinduoduo International Platform
Taiwan and potential new service platforms that may emerge in the future.
2. Pinduoduo: refers to the individual or collective name of the operator of Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform, including Shanghai Xunmeng Information Technology Co., Ltd
Shanghai Yucan Information Technology Co., Ltd., Hong Kong Walnut Street Limited, etc,
In specific information processing scenarios, Pinduoduo, as your personal information processor, operates the platform you choose to use
The singular name of the person.
3. Pinduoduo Services: Pinduoduo is based on various service carrier forms within the comprehensive platform (including but not limited to Pinduoduo website, Pinduoduo)
Duoduo Client, Pinduoduo WeChat Mall, Pinduoduo WeChat Mini Program, Duoduo Maicai WeChat Mini Program, and Future Technological Development
The current new service carrier provides electronic platforms such as online business premises, transaction matching, and information dissemination for all parties involved in the transaction to reach an agreement
Business platform services.
4. Pinduoduo platform: refers to the comprehensive platform service operated by Shanghai Xunmeng Information Technology Co., Ltd. for you and Pinduoduo ("Duoduo")
Except for the "Duomai Cai" service, the corresponding entities are legal entities within China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan) that provide online services to merchants who have settled in
An e-commerce platform that provides services such as business premises, transaction matching, and information dissemination for independent trading activities between two or more parties
The platform.
5. Duoduo Maicai Platform: refers to the platform operated by Shanghai Yucan Information Technology Co., Ltd., which provides services for you and "Duoduo Maicai" (including
Including the Pinduoduo website, WeChat store, the "Duoduo Maicai" section in the client, and the Duoduo Maicai WeChat mini program
Resident merchants provide online business premises, transaction matching, information dissemination and other services for independent transactions between two or more parties
The e-commerce platform for the event.
6. Pinduoduo International Platform: refers to the platform operated by Hong Kong Walnut Street Limited,
We provide online operations for merchants who are legal entities from overseas, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan, corresponding to the services provided by Pinduoduo's comprehensive platform
An e-commerce platform that provides services such as venue, transaction matching, and information dissemination for independent trading activities between two or more parties.
7. Pinduoduo Payment: also known as "Duoduo Wallet", refers to the service provided by Shanghai PayPass Information Service Co., Ltd. (also known as "PayPass")
Payment services provided. If you open or use Pinduoduo payment services, you need to agree to and understand the Pinduoduo Payment Privacy Policy.
8. Personal information: refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways,
Excluding anonymized information.
9. Sensitive personal information: refers to information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or harm to others
Personal information that poses a threat to personal and property safety. Sensitive personal information includes biometric identification, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical records, etc
Information on health, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
10. Children: Refers to minors under the age of fourteen.
11. De identification: refers to the processing of personal information so that it cannot be identified as a specific entity without the need for additional information
The human process.
12. Anonymization: refers to the process in which personal information cannot be identified as a specific natural person and cannot be restored after processing.
13. Device information: including device identifier (IMEI is only available for Pinduoduo APP before version 6.63.0, IDFA, Android)
ID, IMSI, OAID, and other device identification information), MAC address, device parameters, and system information (device type, settings)
Backup model, device serial number, operating system, and hardware related information)
Application information (application crash information, notification switch status)
Status, application installation list, application version, and other application related information, device network environment information (IP address, WiFi)
Information, base station information, and other network related information, as well as location related information of the device (including GPS location information authorized by you)
Information from WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and device sensors (including acceleration, magnetic field, gravity, temperature, etc.)
Light sensing, pressure, gyroscope, distance, rotation vector, step sensor information). The actual collection situation shall prevail.
14. Log information: including search history, click view history, browsing history, favorites history, follow relationships, sharing history
Transaction, after-sales, publishing information, as well as IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, telecommunications
Operator. The actual collection situation shall prevail.
15. Affiliated companies: Refers to one party directly or indirectly controlling, jointly controlling another party, and two or more parties under the same ownership
A company controlled by the body or jointly controlled. The aforementioned "control" refers to the direct or indirect possession of power, which is exercised through the exercise of voting
Determine or influence the management or decision-making direction of a party through rights, contracts, or other means, including Pinduoduo Inc's latest public offering
The affiliated companies of Pinduoduo service providers disclosed in the company's annual report.
Pinduoduo Information Sharing Checklist
（1） Information sharing situation
To achieve functions such as browsing goods or services, completing transactions, and after-sales service, your personal information may be shared with the following entities,
The specific sharing situation is explained as follows:
Usage Scenario Information Recipient Usage Purpose Shared Personal Information
Type of information, sharing method, information recipient's official website/
Privacy policy and other information
payment
China UnionPay Corporation has
Limited Company (Cloud Flash)
Pay)
Complete order support
pay
Payment Information
(such as order code)
Number, payment amount
Uh)
Interface transmission
https://wallet.95516.com/
s/wl/WebAPP/helpAgree/
page/agreement/regPriva
cy.html
Alipay (China)
Network Technology Co., Ltd
Company (Alipay)
Complete order support
Payment interface transmission https://render.alipay.com/
p/c/k2cx0tg8 
Ant Technology Group Stock
Limited Company (Flower)
Oh, well
Complete order support
Payment interface transmission https://render.alipay.com/
p/c/k2h4n8ug
Tenpay Payment Technology
Limited Company (WeChat Support)
Pay, QQ Wallet)
Complete order support
Payment interface transmission
https://www.tenpay.com/
v3/helpcenter/low/privac
y.shtml
Lianlian Yintong Electronic Branch
Payment Limited Company
(Apple Pay)
On the iOS system
Complete the order in the middle
payment
Interface transmission https://open.lianlianpay.c
om
Shanghai Pay Pass Information
Service Limited Company
(Duoduo Wallet)
User activation and
Login usage is frequent
Multiple wallets and completion
Order payment
Pinduoduo account
Information and Payment
Information (such as ordering)
Single number, branch
Payment amount)
Interface transmission
https://mobile.yangkeduo
.com/transac_return_com
pensation.html?protocol_
name=ddpay_privacy_ag
reement&_t_timestamp=s
ub_agreement
Provide products/
service
Pinduoduo Comprehensive Services
Merchants within the platform
Complete the transaction
Appointment and after-sales service
Business and Communication
Order information
(such as the recipient)
Name or given name
Weighing and receiving location
Address and recipient
Machine number)
Backend provides
You can enter the merchant's store and click
Click on 'Business License' to view the merchant
Subject information or through customer service and
Merchants get in touch
（2） Third party SDK directory
To ensure the implementation of Pinduoduo's related functions and the safe and stable operation of applications, enabling users to use and enjoy more services and
We will integrate software development kits (SDKs) provided by third parties to achieve this purpose. Collect directly from you in SDK
In the case of personal information, it does not involve Pinduoduo sharing personal information with SDK providers. How is the SDK embedded in Pinduoduo
To collect your personal information, please refer to the Pinduoduo third-party SDK directory for details.
Pinduoduo Permission Application List
To provide you with higher quality, satisfactory, and personalized services, and strive to enhance your user experience, we
We may apply for your relevant device permissions to collect your personal information. We will produce through the following list
Display the relevant operating system permissions that products or services may apply for or use, and you can communicate them according to your actual needs
Manage relevant permissions through the "Personal Center - Settings - Account and Security - System Permission Management" feature on the Pinduoduo app
Reason. You understand and are aware of the types and scenarios/purposes of applying for and using permissions based on product or service upgrades
There may be changes, please refer to the actual situation. At the same time, to ensure that you are informed of the aforementioned adjustments, we suggest that you check in a timely manner
Look at this list.
1. Android operating system
Permission type, permission name, permission function description, permission application scenario/purpose
position
android.permission.ACC
ESS_FINE_LOCATION
(Access precise location);
android.permission.ACC
ESS_COARSE_LOCATI
ON (access rough location)
Get your location
Recommend products that can be purchased in your area
Goods or services; Help you quickly fill in the receipt form
Address/shipping address and provide navigation, etc
Turn off location services;
Recommend nearby friends and activities for your convenience
You can better participate in activities
move
camera
(Camera)
android.permission.CAM
ERA
Take photos with a camera
Video and QR code scanning
Shopping on Pinduoduo (such as product recognition)
When applying for scenarios such as images, sharing, and interaction, etc
Use your camera permissions to
Complete photo or video shooting, complete QR code
/Barcode scanning, and possibly in specific scenarios
Authorized by you to provide facial recognition for your use
Perform identity verification;
Note: We will only activate the camera when you initiate it
Taking photos or
The video shows the information obtained in the aforementioned scenarios
Information is only processed locally and will not be uploaded to the server
Service equipment
Album (photo)
Film)
android.permission.WRI
TE_EXTERNAL_STOR
AGE (write to storage);
android.permission.REA
D_EXTERNAL_STORA
GE (Read Storage)
Upload or save photos/videos
Shopping, sharing, and exchanging on Pinduoduo
When in motion, read your photos/videos for your convenience
Upload photos on Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform/
Video sharing, posting comments, or communication
Identify through the photos or images you uploaded
The goods or services you need to purchase, as well as the insurance
Save relevant photos/videos
Note: The information obtained in the aforementioned scenarios is only
Processing is done locally and will not be uploaded to the server
Microphone android.permission REC
ORDAUDIO uses a microphone to record audio in contact with customer service, audio and video publishing, and other related settings
View, read your audio/video information, and thereby
Identify your shopping needs and customer service and sales
Post demand, convenient for you to integrate with us and Pinduoduo
Communication with merchants or other entities on the unified service platform
Note: The information obtained in the aforementioned scenarios is only
Processing is done locally and will not be uploaded to the server
Address book android.Permission REA
D_CONTACTS retrieves address book information
Convenient for discovering more contacts and friends in the contact list
Social interaction and joint participation in activities;
No need to manually input when purchasing goods or services
Enter your or your contact number, such as phone bill recharge
value
storage
android.permission.WRI
TE_EXTERNAL_STOR
AGE (write to storage);
android.permission.REA
D_EXTERNAL_STORA
GE (Read Storage)
Used for device storage space
Read internally or write to it/
Save necessary images, files, etc
Information will not be read from your device
Other stored information on top
When you use information publishing or local record breaking
When performing functions such as breaking log information, read or write
/Download/Save/Modify/Delete Images, Files
Crash log information to ensure the safety of products and services
stable operation 
Physical activity
distinguish
ACTIVITY_RECOGNIT
ION accesses sports and health data
Obtain and display your step count information for assistance
Assist you in participating in and accumulating step related interactions
activity
Access the network android.permission INTE
RNET access network permissions enable application networking
Get Network
state
android.permission.ACC
ESS_NETWORK_STAT
E
Obtain network status permission to monitor network changes and prompt the user of the current network status
environment
Get WIFI
state
android.permission.ACC
ESS-WIFIVNet Get WiFi status permission, monitor network changes, and prompt the user of the current network
environment
Copy/access clipboard content, share product links or information, passwords
SMS verification code
Fingerprint ID
android.permission.USE
FINGERPRINT (fingerprint)
ID）
Obtain fingerprint verification results and provide identity verification based on fingerprint ID
Complete payment and other functions
Suspended Window
android.permission.SYS
TEM_ALERT_WINDO
W
Allow the app to be used in other applications
Coverage Display
Used to integrate videos (such as live broadcasts) and other content into
The form of floating windows in other mobile terminals
Displayed on the page
Sensors accessing sensor data for game interaction (such as shaking); Security guarantee
Bluetooth
BLUETOOTH_SCAN
BLUETOOTH_CONNE
CT
Call Bluetooth function to achieve the setting
Backup connection and matching
In audio and video (including live broadcasts), events, and other settings
Jing calls your Bluetooth function to achieve device connectivity
Connect and match
2. IOS operating system
Permission type, permission name, permission function description, permission application scenario/purpose
position
NSLocationAlwaysUsag
EDscription (continuous acquisition)
Geographical location);
NSLocationWhenInUse
UsageDescription (only)
Get geography when the app is used
Location)
Get your location
Recommend products that can be purchased in your area
Goods or services;
Help you quickly fill in the shipping address/sender's address
Address and provide navigation and other related location services;
We provide you with nearby friends and activities for your convenience
You can better participate in activities
camera
(Camera)
NSCameraUsageDescript
ion
Take photos with a camera
Video and QR code scanning
Complete photo or video shooting, complete QR code
/Barcode scanning, and possibly in specific scenarios
Authorized by you to provide facial recognition for your use
Perform identity verification
Album (photo)
Film)
NSPhotoLibraryAddUsa
GeDescription (Album Add)
Add);
NSPh
otoLibraryUsageDe
Description (for album use)
Upload or save photos/videos
Shopping, sharing, and exchanging on Pinduoduo
When in motion, read your photos/videos for your convenience
Upload photos on Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform/
Video sharing, posting comments, or communication
Identify through the photos or images you uploaded
The goods or services you need to purchase, as well as the insurance
Save relevant photos/videos
Microphone NSMicrophoneUsageDes
Using a microphone in the description
In contact with customer service, audio and video publishing, and other related fields
View, read your audio/video information, and thereby
Identify your shopping needs and customer service and sales
After the requirement, it is convenient for you to enable the microphone and me
We, Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform merchants or their
His main communication
Address book NSContactsUsageDescri
Option to obtain address book information
Convenient for discovering more contacts and friends in the contact list
Social interaction and joint participation in activities;
No need to manually input when purchasing goods or services
Enter your or your contact number, such as phone bill recharge
value
Sports and Health
body
NSHealthShareUsageDes
Accessing Sports and Health Data
Obtain and display your step count information for assistance
Assist you in participating in and accumulating step related interactions
activity
IDFA NSUserTrackingUsageD
Description: Obtain advertising identifiers to identify devices and recommend high-quality content for you
Rong Rong
Facial ID/
Touch ID
NSFaceIDUsageDescript
ion
Get Face ID or Touch Control
(Fingerprint) ID verification result
Used to assist you based on facial ID/touch ID
Complete payment operation
Bluetooth NSBluetoothAlwaysUsa
geDescription
Call Bluetooth function to achieve the setting
Backup connection and matching
Call in audio and video (including live streaming) and other scenarios
Your Bluetooth function enables device connection and matching
match
Pinduoduo third-party SDK directory
To ensure the implementation of Pinduoduo's related functions and the safe and stable operation of applications, enabling users to use and enjoy more services
We will integrate software development kits (SDKs) provided by third parties to achieve the purpose of service and functionality. We will provide cooperation to our partners
The SDK for collecting personal information undergoes strict security monitoring to protect your personal information. You understand and are aware of the relevant SDK
Due to upgrades in its functions or services, the types and scenarios of information collected may change (subject to actual circumstances). We suggest that you
Timely follow the corresponding SDK official website or privacy policy to obtain the latest situation. You can also manage it through the Pinduoduo client's "Personal Center Settings - Account Security - System Permission Management - Third Party SDK Management". About the third-party SDK we access
The personal information involved is as follows:
1. Android operating system
SDK Name Operator SDK Usage Processing Personal
Information Type Processing Methods Official Website/Privacy Policy Link
WeChat
Shenzhen Tencent
computer system
limited company
WeChat login, business
Share products/activities to
Moments and WeChat
Friends, WeChat support
pay
Equipment information (such as
MAC address
Android ID）
SDK local collection
https://weixin.qq.com/cgi-bi
n/readtemplate?lang=zh_CN
&t=weixin_agreement&s=p
rivacy
QQ
Shenzhen Tencent
computer system
limited company
QQ login and sharing
Enjoy and pay
Equipment information (such as
MAC address
Android ID）
SDK local collection
https://privacy.qq.com/polic
y/tencent-privacypolicy
https://wiki.connect.qq.com/
qq%e4%ba%92%e8%81%9
4sdk%e9%9a%90%e7%a7
%81%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%
a4%e5%a3%b0%e6%98%8
e
Alipay
Alipay (China
National Network Technology
Shu Co., Ltd
Alipay payment
Equipment information (such as
MAC address
AndroidID）
SDK local collection
https://render.alipay.com/p/
yuyan/18002001000119679
1/preview.html? agreementId
=AG00000132
Oppo Push Guangdong Huantaike
Technology Co., Ltd
Used for Oppo
Mobile user push notifications
news
Equipment information (such as
Android ID SDK Native Collection
https://open.oppomobile.co
m/new/developmentDoc/inf
o?id=10288
https://open.oppomobile.co
m/new/developmentDoc/inf
o?id=11228
Vivo Push Vivo Mobile
Xin Limited Company
Used to hand Vivo
Machine user push consumption
interest
Equipment information (such as
Android ID SDK Native Collection https://dev.vivo.com.cn/doc
umentCenter/doc/366
xiaomi 
push
Xiaomi Mobile Software
Piece Limited Company
Used for Xiaomi hands
Machine user push consumption
interest
Equipment information (such as
Android ID SDK Native Collection https://dev.mi.c
om/console/
doc/detail?pId=1822
Honor push
Shenzhen Honor Soft
Limited technology
company
Used for Honor Hand
Machine user push consumption
interest
Equipment information (such as
Android ID SDK Native Collection
https://developer.hihonor.co
m/cn/kitdoc?category=%E5
%9F%BA%E7%A1%80%E
6%9C%8D%E5%8A%A1&
kitId=11002&navigation=gu
ides&docId=sdk-data-securi
ty.md&token=
Huawei hms 
push
Huawei terminals have
Limited company
Used to hand over to Huawei
Machine user push consumption
interest
Equipment information (such as
Android ID SDK Native Collection
https://developer.huawei.co
m/consumer/cn/doc/develop
ment/HMSCore-Guides/sdk
-data-security-00000010500
forty-two thousand one hundred and seventy-seven
BoostM 
ultiDex
Beijing ByteDance
Jumping Technology has
Limited company
4.0 System Mobile Functionality
Can optimize everything https://github.com/bytedanc
e/BoostMultiDex 
Tencent Hot Fix
Shenzhen Tencent
computer system
limited company
Hot Repair None None https://github.com/Tencent/t
inker
2. IOS operating system
SDK Name Operator SDK Usage Processing Personal
Information Type Processing Methods Official Website/Privacy Policy Link
WeChat
Shenzhen Tencent
computer system
limited company
WeChat login, business
Share products/activities to
Moments and WeChat
Friends, WeChat support
pay
Equipment information (such as
IDFA)
SDK local collection
https://weixin.qq.com/cgi-bi
n/readtemplate?lang=zh_C
N&t=weixin_agreement&s=
privacy 
QQ
Shenzhen Tencent
computer system
limited company
QQ login and sharing
Enjoy and pay functions
Equipment information (such as
IDFA SDK Native Collection
https://privacy.qq.com/polic
y/tencent-privacypolicy
https://wiki.connect.qq.com/
qq%e4%ba%92%e8%81%9
4sdk%e9%9a%90%e7%a7
%81%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%
a4%e5%a3%b0%e6%98%8
e 
Alipay
Alipay (China
National Network Technology
Shu Co., Ltd
Alipay Alipay
can
Equipment information (such as
IDFA SDK Native Collection
https://render.alipay.com/p/
yuyan/18002001000119679
1/preview.html? agreementI
d=AG00000132
Lianlian Payment
Lianlian Silver is electrified
Sub payment Limited
company
LianLian Apple Pay
Payment function
Equipment information (such as
IDFA SDK Native Collection https://open.lianlianpay.com
Pinduoduo Children's Personal Information Protection Rules
Updated on May 15th, 2023
Effective Date: May 23, 2023
Welcome to use Pinduoduo! Pinduoduo (hereinafter referred to as "we") is well aware of protecting children (referring to those under ten years old)
The importance of personal information security for minors aged four weeks. Based on the Privacy Policy of Pinduoduo
On this basis, we hope to adopt the "Pinduoduo Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy")
Explain the corresponding rules and related matters when handling children's personal information. As a parent of a child or
His guardian (hereinafter referred to as "guardian"), please use Pinduoduo's products or
Before providing services (hereinafter referred to as "our products or services"), it is essential to carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy
Don't read the terms highlighted in bold, and only start after confirming that you fully understand and agree to all the terms
Use or allow children under your supervision to use.
Special instructions from the guardian:
If you are the guardian of a child, please carefully read and choose whether to agree with this policy. To protect you
We hope that you can work together with us to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the children under our supervision, and ensure that you safeguard their personal information
Protect children who use our products or services with your consent and guidance and provide us with personal information. I
We will take measures to protect the personal information of children we obtain in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree with this policy, we will
Please request the child under your supervision to immediately stop accessing/using our products or services.
Please note that the products or services we provide may include those provided by third parties
Third parties may collect, use, or process information related to children, and they need to obtain your consent separately
Meaning. We suggest that you have children seek your consent before authorizing the collection and processing of any of their personal information from third parties
agree
Special instructions for children:
If you are a child, you need to carefully read this policy together with your guardian and obtain your consent
After obtaining consent, use our products or services and provide us with personal information.
This policy mainly includes the following contents:
1、 Definition and Scope of Application
2、 How do we collect and use children's personal information
3、 How do we share, delegate, transfer, and publicly disclose
Personal information of children
4、 How do we store children's personal information
5、 How do we protect children's personal information
6、 How to update this policy
7、 How do you contact us
1、 Definition and Scope of Application
（1） Definition
The definitions of terms used in this policy are consistent with the Pinduoduo Privacy Policy. Please refer to the Pinduoduo Privacy Policy for details
Privacy Policy.
（2） Scope of application
This policy applies to our collection, use, and external submission activities conducted through the internet within the territory of the People's Republic of China
Activities such as providing, transferring, and publicly disclosing children's personal information. This policy is based on the "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy"
In case of any inconsistency between the special rules formulated above and the Pinduoduo Privacy Policy, this policy shall prevail; book
If the policy is not specified, the "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy" shall apply accordingly.
2、 How do we collect and use children's personal information
We will strictly fulfill our obligations and responsibilities for protecting children's personal information as stipulated by laws and regulations, and obtain guardianship
Collect and use children's personal information with their consent. You proactively provide us with feedback while using our products or services
Personal information of children under your guardianship, such as posting your guardianship in the sharing function we provide for you
The photos or other information of children indicate that you have agreed to our collection and use in accordance with the content of this policy
Personal information of the child under your supervision.
During the use of our products or services by you or your child under your supervision, we provide assistance to you or your child under your supervision
For the purpose of providing our products or services to children and ensuring the security of your account, we will collect
For relevant information, please refer to "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy" for details Information Collection and Use "section,
Please provide a detailed understanding of the purpose, scope, and impact of refusing to provide personal information that we collect. In addition,
We will automatically collect personal information from you or the children under your supervision through cookies or similar technologies. Please refer to the details
You can refer to "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy" under section 3 Please provide a detailed understanding of the use of cookies and similar technologies.
If we need to collect personal information from you or the children under your supervision beyond the scope of collection mentioned above, we will do so again
I will inform you and obtain your consent.
3、 How do we share, entrust, transfer, and publicly disclose children's personal information
We promise to strictly keep children's personal information confidential, only in compliance with this policy and with your explicit authorization and consent
Provide personal information of children to external parties. In order to improve information processing efficiency and reduce information processing costs,
Or to improve the accuracy of information processing, we may entrust our affiliated companies or other professional organizations to represent me
We handle children's personal information, please refer to "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy" for details Information Sharing and Entrustment Office
Management, Transfer, and Public Disclosure "section.
In addition to the Pinduoduo Privacy Policy, "4 Department of Information Sharing, Commissioned Processing, Transfer, and Public Disclosure
In addition to the content described above, we will also take the following measures to protect children's personal information during the aforementioned information processing process
Safety in the middle:
1. If it is necessary to provide children's personal information to third parties for the purposes stated in this policy, we will
Assess the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of the third-party collection of children's personal information.
2. We will require third parties to take protective measures for children's personal information and strictly comply with relevant laws
Legal regulations and regulatory requirements. We will require third parties who receive children's personal information to comply with strict confidentiality obligations
And take effective confidentiality measures to prohibit the use of these children's personal information without authorization from the children and their guardians
The purpose of the right and the requirement for the entrusted company to fulfill the following obligations in accordance with the law:
(1) Process children's personal information in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, and our requirements;
(2) Assist us in responding to applications from child guardians;
(3) Take measures to ensure information security, and in the event of a child's personal information leakage security incident, and
Provide us with timely feedback;
(4) Timely delete children's personal information when the entrusted relationship is terminated;
(5) No delegation is allowed without our consent;
(6) Other obligations to protect children's personal information that should be fulfilled according to law.
3. In addition, we will obtain your consent as required by laws and regulations, or confirm that a third party has obtained it
Your consent.
4、 How do we store children's personal information
The personal information of children collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in
Within the country, except for the following situations:
1) There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
2) Obtain your separate consent;
3) Cross border e-commerce transactions and other types of contracts in which the child under your guardianship is a party
And necessary for fulfillment.
We will adopt encryption and other technical measures to store children's personal information and ensure information security. What we store
Children's personal information will not exceed the period necessary for the purposes stated in this policy, such as the personal information of the child under your guardianship
If the information exceeds the above-mentioned retention period, we will delete or anonymize it in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements,
Please refer to "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy" for details Information Storage and Protection "section.
5、 How do we protect children's personal information
We attach great importance to the security of children's personal information and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect them
personal information:
We will strictly control the access rights to children's personal information and prohibit workers who may come into contact with children's personal information
The staff adopts the principle of minimum sufficient authorization and takes technical measures to handle children's personal information
Record and control behavior to avoid illegal copying and downloading of children's personal information.
After the unfortunate occurrence of a child's personal information security incident, we will promptly report to the authorities in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements
Children and their guardians are informed of the basic situation and possible impact of the safety incident, as well as the measures we have taken or will take
Disposal measures taken, suggestions for children and their guardians to independently prevent and reduce risks, and recommendations for children and their guardians
Remedial measures for individuals, etc. We will promptly notify the relevant situation of the event through website announcements or other appropriate means
Children and their guardians. When it is difficult to inform them one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue relevant warnings
Information. At the same time, we will proactively report incidents related to children's personal information security in accordance with regulatory requirements
Set the situation. If the legitimate rights and interests of children and their guardians are damaged, we will
Assume corresponding legal responsibilities.
6、 How to update this policy
We may update our products and services as well as comply with relevant legal and regulatory requirements in a timely manner
Modifying the terms of this policy constitutes a part of this policy, and we will implement it on Pinduoduo Comprehensive Service Platform
An updated version has been released on stage, and please visit Pinduoduo's comprehensive service platform to stay informed of the latest policies in a timely manner
For details, please refer to "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy" section 8 The section on policy updates.
7、 How do you contact us
If you and the child under your supervision have any questions about this policy, or have concerns about the processing of children's personal information
In case of any complaints or opinions, please contact us through the following methods, and we will address them upon receipt
Within 15 days after discussing and verifying the identity of the guardian and/or child, your request will be accepted and processed:
1. You can contact Pinduoduo customer service or through the Pinduoduo app's "Personal Center - Settings - Feedback"
We contact;
2. You can do it through privacy@pinduoduo.com Contact our dedicated team for personal information protection,
Office address: Room 2902-2913, 533 Loushanguan Road, Changning District, Shanghai.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially our handling of children's personal information has caused harm
You and the children under your guardianship have legitimate rights and interests, and you can also file a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile
Lawsuit to seek a solution.
