Updated on April 14th, 2024
Effective date: October 1, 2021
Privacy Policy for Mobile College Entrance Examination
The ownership and operation rights of the mobile college entrance examination (www.gaokao. cn) and its related products and software belong to Zhongjiaozhiwang (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Zhongjiaozhiwang). The mobile college entrance examination respects and protects the personal information and privacy security of all mobile college entrance examination users. Please carefully read and understand the mobile college entrance examination privacy policy before using it.
We will try our best to explain the technical terms involved in this policy in plain and understandable language for your understanding. Please carefully read and fully understand all the contents of this policy before using/continuing to use our products and services, and make appropriate choices according to the guidelines of this policy when needed. If you do not agree with the content of this policy, we will not be able to provide you with complete products and services, and you also need to immediately stop using the mobile college entrance examination products and related services. If you start using our products or services, it is deemed that you have fully and completely read and understood all the contents of this policy, and agree that we will collect, use, store, and provide your personal information to the public in accordance with the provisions of this policy.
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
1. You need to authorize us to collect and use your personal information
When you use the mobile college entrance examination and related services, you understand and agree that we will collect and use specific types of personal information from you for the following purposes in different scenarios, in order to provide you with services, improve our service quality, ensure the security of your account, and comply with national laws, regulations, and relevant regulatory requirements.
(1) Register and Login
When you register/log in to your account, you need to provide your phone number and verification code. When using the app service, you can also use the one click login function with your phone number. When logging in, we also need to collect your hardware serial number and unique device identification code (android_id, Mac address, IMEI, IMSI) to verify your account and password and complete the login process; If you refuse to provide your phone number and verification code information, you may not be able to successfully register/log in to your account.
When you use the one click login function to perform account registration or login, please carefully review the "Tianyi Account Service and Privacy Agreement", "China Unicom Unified Authentication Service Terms" or "China Mobile Authentication Service Terms" according to your mobile phone operator. If you perform the login operation, we consider that you have read and agreed to the above "Terms" and this "Privacy Policy" of the operator. You can also choose to view this "Privacy Policy" and the relevant agreement of the operator corresponding to your mobile phone number on the one click login service page. With your explicit consent, the operator will send us your mobile phone number so that we can provide you with quick login services. You can also choose to manually fill in your phone number to complete registration or login.
(2) Enter the homepage
When you enter the homepage, we will collect your college entrance examination province, year, high school, and other information to provide accurate college entrance examination information, historical scores, batch lines, enrollment plans, universities, and related college entrance examination information that matches your province. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to enter the homepage or use the various services we provide.
(3) Security management
In order to make every effort to protect the security of your account and transactions, and ensure that your account is not used abnormally or stolen, we will collect relevant operational information about your use of the handheld college entrance examination service, including your hardware device model, software version information you are using, your IP address, your location, unique device identification code (android_id, Mac address, IMEI, IMSI, application installation list, IDFA) mobile network information, and standard network log data. If you do not agree to our recording or collection of the above information, risk control verification may not be completed.
2. The situation of collecting and using your personal information through system permissions
(1) To provide you with the ability to upload/modify avatars and upload screenshots of problem feedback, we will apply for access to your phone camera/photo album. If you do not agree to our access request, you may not be able to use the above services, but it does not affect your use of the other services we provide.
(2) To provide you with relevant content related to your province's college entrance examination, we will apply for your location permission and sensor permission. Based on the location information, we will determine the college entrance examination content information of your province. If you do not agree to our acquisition request, you may not be able to use the above services, but it does not affect your use of the other services we provide.
(3) In order to make it faster and more convenient for you to call the school recruitment office phone number and contact customer service, we will apply for authorization to grant you phone/dialing permissions and automatically fill in the customer service phone number for us. If you do not agree to our authorization, you may not be able to use the above services, but it does not affect your use of the other services we provide.
(5) To facilitate your timely receipt of the latest college entrance examination policies and data updates, you can authorize us to allow notification permissions when using the app. If you do not want to receive notification push notifications or authorization, you can directly choose not to allow or turn off the notification switch in your phone settings. If you turn off the message notification switch, you may not receive any information content push, but it does not affect your use of other services we provide.
(6) We will push relevant content and services through messages based on the information you are interested in. You can also turn off the push service in [Personal Center - Settings - Notification Settings].
(7) In the background state, we will obtain device identifiers (including but not limited to Android IDs) to identify unique users and ensure accurate information statistics.
(8) When the app is running in the front-end, it will retrieve the content of the clipboard for users to quickly paste relevant information.
(9) In order to identify unique users and ensure accurate information statistics, we will obtain your device's Mac address and unique device identifier (such as IMEI) AndroidID、ICCID、IMSI）
(10) Self start and associated start instructions: (1) To ensure that this application can receive customers normally when it is closed or running in the background
The broadcast information pushed by the user end requires the use of (self start) capability by this application, which will have a certain frequency of broadcasting through the system to wake up the self start or associated start behavior of this application. This is necessary for implementing functions and services. (2) When you open the content of the mobile college entrance examination app and send a message, with your explicit consent, it will redirect to the mobile college entrance examination app to open the relevant content. Without your consent, there will be no associated activation. (3) When you open the file downloaded internally from the mobile college entrance examination app, it will be associated with launching a third-party app.
2、 Privacy Policy SDK Description
1. Usage of third-party plugins
(1) Key terms definition: Device information: Device identifier (IMEI, IDFA, Android ID, MAC, OAID, etc.) Application information (application crash information, notification switch status, software list, etc.), device parameters and system information (device type, device model, operating system, and hardware related information) Network information: IP address, WiFi information, base station information, etc.
(2) Individual device information is information that cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we combine this type of non personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person's identity, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify this type of information.
(3) In order to provide you with more professional and secure core business functions and additional business functions, our products will integrate third-party plugin products (including deploying statistical analysis tools, software development kit SDKs, and calling map API interfaces in our web pages or applications).
2. The disclosure of your personal information through third-party SDK mobile phones is as follows:
(1) Baidu Positioning SDK
SDK Name: Baidu Android Location SDK
SDK Provider Name: Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd
SDK Provider Official Website: https:///lbs.baidu.com/
Function description: We collect your device information, location information, and network status to provide you with services such as college entrance examination information for your current province, as well as enrollment and admission information for universities across the country in your current province.
In order to improve the accuracy and success rate of positioning services, provide continuous positioning services for specific continuous positioning field numbers, and provide problem tracking, troubleshooting, diagnostic services, and data statistics to end users to ensure the normal operation of products and services, we will process your device information.
To assist developers in providing location functionality to end-users, we collect your location information to provide feedback to developers without the need for end-users to manually input their geographic coordinates.
In order to provide developers with more accurate location information for end-users as an auxiliary positioning basis, we will collect your WiFi connection information
(2) QQSDK (open_stk) collects your network status information to enable account login and information sharing based on your instructions; Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd https://privacy.qq.com/
(3) WeChat SDK (tenont. wechat) collects your network status information to enable account login, information sharing, and WeChat payment functions based on your instructions; Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd https://open.weixin.qq.com/
(4) Alipay SDK: use your network permissions to realize the payment function; Alipay China Network Technology Co., Ltd https://render.alipay.com/p/c/k2cx0tg8
(5) Mobile Security Alliance Device Identification SDK: Obtain supplementary device identifiers for mobile intelligent terminals; Official website of China Academy of Information and Communications Technology http://www.msa-alliance.cn/
(6) JPush collects your device information, network information, application information, device parameters, and system information to provide you with accurate push services and policy reminders. Shenzhen Hexun Huagu Information Technology Co., Ltd https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy
(7) The Huawei Push SDK collects your device information, operator information, and network status for Huawei device users to push messages; Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd https://consumer.huawei.com/cn/privacy/privacy-policy/
(8) The Xiaomi Push SDK collects your device information, operator information, and network status for users of Xiaomi devices to push messages; Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822
(9) The OPPO Push SDK collects your device information, operator information, and network status for OPPO device users to push messages; OPPO Guangdong Mobile Communication Co., Ltd https://www.oppo.com/cn/service/help/640?id=640&name= Service policy&hdscreen=1
(10) The VIVO Push SDK collects your device information, operator information, and network status for VIVO device users to push messages; Weiwo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd https://www.vivo.com.cn/about-vivo/privacy-policy
(11) GrowingIO: Use the GrowingIO platform SDK to collect internal page access data for the app, such as user login statistics, page access rates, button click through rates, etc; Beijing Yishu Technology Co., Ltd https://www.growi
ngio.com/
(12) Gaode Map SDK: Use Gaode Map SDK to collect your location information and provide you with services such as college entrance examination information for your current province; Gaode Software Co., Ltd https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/
(13) Aurora Security Certification SDK
Service type: Security authentication service
Types of personal information processed by SDK:
Device Information (IMEI/MAC/Android ID/IDA/OAID/OpenUDID/GUIDE/SIM)
Card IMSI information, etc.: Used to detect and prevent fraudulent activities, verify whether user behavior provides relevant basis for batch automated operation judgment of machine programs, and establish abnormal traffic recognition models after information desensitization processing to achieve traffic anti fraud technology.
Network information and location information (IP address, WiFi information, base station information, etc.): Optimize the network connection requests between SDK and Aurora server to ensure service stability and continuity; After information desensitization processing, it is used to establish anomaly and virtual device recognition models, realizing traffic anti fraud technology.
User biological trajectory information: information such as the trajectory of sliding, clicking, and mouse movement generated by the user during the operation verification process; These information are desensitized and used to establish simulation, violence, and forgery trajectory recognition models, achieving traffic anti fraud technology.
APP installation list information: In order to provide you with intelligent authentication services, we need to use this information to identify the user's application environment and help your website and APP recognize and intercept batch automated operations of machine programs.
(14) Tencent Browsing Service SDK (hereinafter referred to as "TBS SDK" or "SDK Product")
To achieve the necessary browsing functions of SDK products such as web pages, we will collect the following personal information generated by end users or developers when using functions related to SDK products
① Collect device information (device model, operating system, CPU type) through secure processing methods such as de identification, encrypted transmission, and processing, and apply it to browser kernel upgrades and fine-grained control for disabling;
② Collecting application information (host application package name, version number) through secure processing methods such as de identification, encrypted transmission, and processing for browser kernel upgrades and fine-grained control needs;
③ Collecting Wi Fi status and parameters through secure processing methods such as de identification, encrypted transmission, and processing to determine whether Wi Fi is connected and optimize the network;
④ Retrieve and use in memory, immediately destroy upon program exit: triggers the collection of location information, nearby Wi Fi, and CellID when the user actively opens a webpage and the webpage itself needs to locate its location.
To implement the corresponding functions of SDK products, we will apply for the required permissions in the corresponding functional scenarios through the 'Handheld College Entrance Examination APP'.
Android operating system:
Download the kernel through SDK and obtain network permissions for users to experience network loading optimization when opening web pages;
The necessary exception logs for kernel operation require reading and writing files to obtain storage permissions;
Users actively copy and paste web pages or file content, requiring access to clipboard permissions;
The user actively opens the webpage, and the webpage itself needs to locate and obtain geographical location permission;
The user actively opens the webpage, supports obtaining sensor data from the webpage, and supports obtaining sensor permissions through the webpage sensor function;
When users actively open web pages and require camera functionality, support the image capture function in the web page to obtain camera permissions;
In the event of kernel loading failure, opening a file, or opening a file in a format that TBS does not support, will prompt the user to choose to use another application to open the file and obtain a list of supported applications that have been installed and opened;
When users actively open a webpage and need recording function, the recording function in the webpage is supported to obtain microphone permission;
(15) Bugly SDK (hereinafter referred to as "SDK product") is developed by Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we")
① Personal information collected to implement SDK product functionality:
Bugly SDK for Android
Through server processing, in order to troubleshoot crash issues and improve the stability of the handheld college entrance examination app, it is necessary to collect personal information types: phone model, phone brand, Android system version, Android system API level, manufacturer system version, CPU architecture type, device root status, disk space occupation size, sdcard space occupation size, memory space occupation size, and network type;
By only reading, not saving locally, and not uploading to the server, the ANR status of the current process can be determined, crash problems can be investigated, and the stability of the handheld college entrance examination APP can be improved. Personal information needs to be collected, including the name and PID of the currently running process of the application;
Bugly SDK for iOS
Through server processing, in order to troubleshoot crash issues and improve the stability of the handheld college entrance examination app, it is necessary to collect personal information types: device model, operating system version, internal operating system version number, wifi status, CPU properties, remaining memory space, disk space/remaining disk space, runtime phone status (memory occupied by processes, virtual memory, etc.), idfv, jailbreak status, and region code.
② To implement the corresponding functions of SDK products, we will apply for the required permissions in the corresponding functional scenarios through the 'Handheld College Entrance Examination APP'.
To view network status for data reporting and enable developers to view crash information, Android needs to obtain android.permission The permissions for INTERNET, android.permission.ACCESS-NETWORKVNet;
IOS needs to obtain network permissions.
(16) Youmeng Statistics SDK
We uniquely identify users by collecting unique device identification codes (such as IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/UUID, SIM card IMSI information)
In order to conduct data statistics such as user additions. In special circumstances (such as when users use tablet devices or TV boxes) where the device cannot be identified by a unique device identifier, we will use the device's Mac address as the user's unique identifier to provide statistical analysis services normally. Statistical analysis services have basic anti cheating functions, which can obtain user location information and IP addresses, eliminate cheating devices, correct user geographical distribution data, and improve the accuracy of report data.
(17) One click login related SDK
Mobile SDK
China Mobile Internet Co., Ltd
One click login: access network, network information status, WIFI status, modify WIFI status, allow changing network connection status, read phone status
https://wap.cmpassport.com/resources/html/contracts.html
Unicom SDK
China United Network Communications Co., Ltd
One click login: access network, network information status, WIFI status, modify WIFI status, allow changing network connection status, read phone status
https://opencloud.wostore.cn/authz/resource/html/disclaimer.html
Telecom SDK
Century Dragon Information Network Co., Ltd
One click login: access network, network information status, WIFI status, modify WIFI status, allow changing network connection status, read phone status
https://e.189.cn/sdk/agreement/detail.do
(18) Aurora Push SDK
Third party entity: Shenzhen Hexun Huagu Information Technology Co., Ltd
SDK Purpose: To provide information push services for APP users
Types of Personal Information Processing:
Equipment parameters and system information (equipment type, equipment model, system version, and related hardware information): used to identify the user's equipment type, equipment model, system version, etc., to ensure accurate message distribution;
Device identifiers (IMEI, IDFA, Android ID, GAID, MAC, etc.) OAID、VAID、AAID、IMSI、MEID、UAID、 Hardware serial number information, ICCID, SIM information): used to identify unique users, ensure accurate delivery of push notifications, and accurate statistics of push information;
Network information (IP address, WiFi information, base station information, DNS address, DHCP address, SSID, BSSID) and location information (latitude and longitude): used to optimize the network connection requests between SDK and Aurora server, ensure service stability and continuity, and achieve regional push function;
Application list information (application crash information, notification switch status, APP application list and active status, APP application page information, APP function event related information): When a device has multiple APP push links active at the same time, we use merging link technology to randomly merge them into one link, in order to achieve the goal of saving electricity and data for users;
Push log information: for developers to query and use push service records, understand the delivery status of push information, and adjust push strategies.
Data processing method: Through de identification, encrypted transmission, and other secure methods
Official website link: https://www.jiguang.cn/push
Privacy Policy Link: https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy
3、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
1. Sharing
(1) We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual outside of our company unless we have obtained your explicit consent. We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. We will also require our partners to provide explanations of their data security capabilities and information security qualifications (such as level protection assessments, information security management systems, etc.). In the use of personal sensitive data, we require third parties to adopt data anonymization encryption technology to better protect user data. If you have objections to the use of your personal information by third parties or find that these third-party developed applications pose risks, we recommend that you terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests. You can also negotiate with the corresponding third party to resolve the issue, and we will provide assistance as much as possible. If we violate the provisions of laws and regulations during this process and cause you losses, we will bear the corresponding responsibilities arising therefrom. At present, we will seek your authorization and consent to share personal information in the following situations:
1) We may share your personal information with our affiliates. But we will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will seek your authorization and consent again.
2) We may share your order information, account information, device information, and location information with our partners and third parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services we provide to you. But we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. Our partners include the following types:
a、 Third party merchants: We must share your order information and necessary transaction related information with third-party merchants to fulfill your purchasing needs for goods or services and enable them to complete subsequent after-sales services.
b、 Specific service partners: In order to enable you to complete transactions and realize transactions
Purpose: We need to provide your counterparty with a transaction number and relevant payment information, and your counterparty can view some of your registration information during or after the payment process; Some products or services may be provided by third parties or jointly provided by us and third parties, therefore, only by sharing your information can we provide the products or services you need.
c、 Dispute Resolution: In the process of using the App and related services, if you have disputes, complaints, or are complained about with other users, merchants, or other third parties, in order to protect your legitimate rights and interests with other parties, maintain good transaction order and social environment, we will provide your name, valid identification number, contact information, and dispute content to the consumer rights protection department and regulatory authorities based on the requirements of relevant departments, in order to promptly resolve disputes, except for those explicitly prohibited by laws and regulations.
(2) We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government authorities. If we violate the provisions of laws and regulations during this process and cause you losses, we will bear the corresponding responsibilities arising therefrom.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Transfer with explicit consent: With your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
(2) Provide necessary information in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
(3) When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
3. Public disclosure
Public disclosure refers to the act of releasing information to society or unspecified groups of people. In principle, we will not publicly disclose your personal information unless we have obtained your explicit consent and have taken security measures that comply with industry standards.
4. Exceptions to Authorization Consent for Sharing, Transfer, and Public Disclosure of Personal Information
Zhongjiaozhi Network will never disclose, edit, or reveal users' registration information or non-public content stored in various services of Zhongjiaozhi Network, unless Zhongjiaozhi Network deems it necessary to disclose such information in the following situations based on good faith:
(1) Comply with relevant laws and regulations, including providing information content and release time, Internet address or domain name and other information uploaded to the handheld college entrance examination by users on the website of the handheld college entrance examination when inquired by relevant national authorities.
(2) Follow the product service procedures for the mobile college entrance examination.
(3) Maintain the trademark ownership of Zhongjiaozhi Network.
(4) Maintain the privacy and security of users and the general public in emergency situations.
(5) In other situations deemed necessary by Zhongjiaozhi Network.
Users are authorized to send commercial information to their email through Jiaozhi Network.
4、 How do we store and protect your personal information
1. Storage
Zhongjiaozhiwang is not responsible for the deletion or storage failure of information posted by users. Zhongjiaozhiwang reserves the right to determine whether a user's behavior complies with the requirements and spirit of the Mobile College Entrance Examination Service Terms. If the user violates the provisions of the Service Terms, their account will be suspended or deleted.
2. Protection
After you agree to the privacy policy of the handheld college entrance examination, we will carry out the initialization work of the integrated SDK, collect your device basic information to ensure normal data statistics and security risk control of the service. We will strive to adopt security technology to protect your personal information. Without your consent, we will not obtain, share or provide your information from third parties.
3. Account ban
In order to protect the rights and interests of users, Zhongjiaozhiwang has the right to ban accounts that maliciously call school and professional interface data (including but not limited to school lists, school majors, professional lists, enrollment information, enrollment scores, etc.), abnormal call data, or call data that may affect product stability, and report malicious data crawling behavior to relevant departments in accordance with the law to safeguard its own legitimate rights and interests.
5、 How do we manage your personal information
1. Access and modification
You have the right to access and modify your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. You can access and modify your personal information by logging into your app account and using the following channels:
(1) Access and modify account and student information in "My → Edit", including profile picture, nickname, account location, school, grade, and grade information.
(2) Visit and modify the information of the followed universities in "My → Follow Universities".
(3) Access and modify the information of the majors you follow in "My → Focus on Majors".
(4) Access and modify order information in "My → My Orders".
(5) Access and modify favorite information and video information in "My → My Favorites".
(6) Access and modify the information on the volunteer form in "My → My Volunteer Form".
(7) Access and modify evaluation report information in "My → Evaluation Report".
If you are unable to access these personal information through the above link, you can contact us in "My → Feedback". Once we receive your feedback, we will provide you with support as soon as possible.
2. End of service
Users or Zhongjiaozhiwang can interrupt services at any time according to actual situations. Zhongjiaozhiwang is not responsible for any individual or third party and may interrupt services at any time. If users object to any suggestions for service terms or have objections to subsequent modifications, or are dissatisfied with the services of Zhongjiaozhiwang, they have the following recourse rights:
(1) No longer using the mobile college entrance examination service.
(2) End the user's eligibility to use the mobile college entrance examination service.
(3) Written notice: Zhongjiaozhi Network will stop providing services to this user.
After the end of the user service, the user's right to use the handheld college entrance examination service will be immediately suspended. Since then, Zhongjiaozhiwang no longer assumes any obligations towards users.
6、 Account cancellation and freezing
1. You can directly apply to cancel your account in our product, and the operation path is "My → Settings → Account Cancellation". After you cancel your account, we will stop working for you
We provide product services and, according to your request, we will delete your personal information unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
2. The expiration period of the handheld college entrance examination account is 3 months. If an account has not been used for three consecutive months, meaning it has not been logged in via web, all its original information will be lost. The user has been informed that in order to ensure smooth and effective login, it is necessary to use it at least once within 3 months.
7、 How do we handle the protection of personal information of minors
1. Our products, website, and services are primarily aimed at users aged 16 and above. Minors are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or guardians. For the collection of personal information of minors (especially children under the age of fourteen) with the consent of their parents, we will only use or publicly disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or when necessary to protect the child.
2. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without obtaining verifiable parental consent in advance, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
8、 Modification of Service Terms
Zhongjiaozhi Network will modify the terms of service when necessary. Once the content of this policy changes, Zhongjiaozhi Network will directly publish the modified policy content on the mobile college entrance examination website. This publication will be deemed as Zhongjiaozhi Network notifying users of the modified content. Zhongjiaozhiwang can also prompt users to modify content through other appropriate means. If users do not agree with the modifications made by Zhongjiaozhiwang to the relevant terms of this policy, they have the right to stop using the network services. If the user continues to use the network service, it shall be deemed that the user accepts the modifications made by Zhongjiaozhi Network to the relevant terms of this policy.
9、 Service revision
Zhongjiaozhiwang reminds users that in order to ensure the autonomy of the company's business development and adjustment, Zhongjiaozhiwang has the right to modify or interrupt services at any time without notifying users. Zhongjiaozhiwang's exercise of the right to modify or interrupt services is not responsible to users or any third party. Users must agree to these terms before Zhongjiaozhiwang can begin providing services to them.
10、 Contact Us
You can contact us through any of the following ways:
(1) You can contact our online customer service on the product function page of our platform or submit feedback online;
(2) You can directly call 4000678211 to contact us;
