(I) the personal information is related to national security and the security of national defense;
(II) the personal information is related to public security,  public health and significant public interests;
(III) the personal information is related to the investigation of a crime,  prosecutions, trials, judgment executions, etc.;
(VII) the personal information is necessary for signing and entering into this contract as required by you;
(IX) the personal information is necessary for lawful news reporting;
(I) the personal information is related to national security and the security of national defense;
(II) the personal information is related to public security,  public health and significant public interests;
(I) if our processing of personal information violates laws and legislations;
(II) if we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your express consent;
(III) if our processing of the personal information is in material breach of our agreement with you;
(IV) if you no longer use our products or services;
(III) the request is related to the investigation of a crime,  prosecutions, trials, judgment executions, etc.;
(IV) there is sufficient evidence to prove the subjective malice of or abuse of rights by the subject of the personal information;
(V) responding to your request will cause severe damage to the legitimate rights and interests of yourself or another individual and organization;
(VI) the request involves trade secrets.
6. How We Process the Personal Information of Minors
A minor must not create his or her own user account without the consent of his or her parent or guardian. If you are a minor, we recommend that you ask your parent or guardian to read this Privacy Policy carefully, and obtain the consent of your parent or guardian before using our services or providing us with information.
In the case that we collect the personal information of a minor who uses our products or services with the consent of his or her parent o
r guardian, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose such information as permitted by laws and legislations, with the express consent of the parent or guardian, or where necessary for the protection of minors.
7. How Your Personal Information Is Transferred Globally
Personal information that is collected and generated from our operations in the People's Republic of China and within the country will be stored within China except:
(I) where specifically provided for by laws and legislations;
(II) where your express consent has been obtained;
(III) where you conduct proactive activities over the Internet such as cross-border live streaming/posting updates.
With respect to the aforementioned circumstances, we will ensure that your personal information is provided with adequate protection in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
8. How This Privacy Policy Is Updated
Our Privacy Policy may be subject to change.
Without your express consent, we will not limit the rights due to you under this Privacy Policy. In the event of a material change, we will provide a prominent notice.
For the purposes of this Policy, a material change includes but is not limited to:
(I) a material change in our mode of service,  such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, how we use personal information, etc.;
(II) a material change in our controlling rights and other aspects,  such as a change in ownership caused by a merger, acquisition, reorganization, etc.;
(III) a change in the main objective of the sharing,  transfer or publicly disclosure of personal information;
(IV) a material change in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and how it is exercised;
(V) an event when our department responsible for handling the security of personal information,  the contact details and the complaint channel changes;
(VI) an event when the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a
high risk.
9. How to Contact Us
You can contact us through the customer service channel under [Settings-Feedback and Suggestions] on the left on Tantan,  and we will respond to your request within 30 days.
If you are unsatisfied with our reply, and particularly if you believe that our processing of personal information damages your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek resolution by filing an action with the court with jurisdiction in the domicile of the defendant.
