Release date: June 5th, 2020
Effective Date: June 5th, 2020
Welcome to Ctrip Travel!
Ctrip reminds you that the Ctrip website is operated by Shanghai Ctrip Business Co., Ltd. (registered address: Room 203, Building 12, No. 968 Jinzhong Road, Changning District, Shanghai). For specific product services, they will be provided by qualified service providers. If users access, book or use Ctrip's products or services (collectively referred to as "services") on this website, Ctrip affiliated company websites or other mobile applications or software provided by Ctrip (hereinafter referred to as "Ctrip"), it is deemed that the user has accepted the following privacy policy. Please carefully read the following content, especially the bold font below. If you do not agree with any of the following content, please immediately stop accessing/using this website or any other mobile applications or software. The terms "Ctrip" and "we" mentioned in this privacy policy refer to Ctrip Travel Network, while "user" and "you" refer to users who accept this privacy policy.
1. Confirmation and acceptance of privacy policy
Respecting users' personal privacy is a fundamental policy of Ctrip. Ctrip collects travel service information provided by qualified hotels, ticket agencies, travel agencies, etc. for users to access, and helps users contact and book related travel service projects through Ctrip. Before using our products and/or services, please carefully read and confirm that you have fully understood the contents stated in this privacy policy, and have reached an agreement with Shanghai Ctrip Business Co., Ltd. and accepted all service terms.
As the information controller of Ctrip, Shanghai Ctrip Business Co., Ltd. places great emphasis on protecting users' personal information and privacy security. We understand that providing information to us through the internet is based on trust in us, and we value this information. We also understand the importance of privacy to you and make every effort to protect your privacy.
2. Information collection
In order to better serve you, Ctrip will follow the principles of "reasonableness, relevance, and necessity" and collect information with your consent as a prerequisite. It will not collect information prohibited by laws and regulations. Considering the importance of Ctrip's membership services, users agree that Ctrip will collect all information entered by you on Ctrip or provided to us in other ways,
（1） You need to authorize us to collect and use your personal information
Our products and subsequent services include some core functions, which include the necessary functions for implementing online travel services and ensuring transaction security. We may collect, store, and use the following information related to you in order to achieve these functions. If you do not provide relevant information, you will not be able to enjoy the products and/or services we provide. These features include:
(1) The necessary functions to enable online travel booking or provide you with products or services
a) Account Registration
You need to register a Ctrip account to become a Ctrip user. When you register as a Ctrip member, you must provide at least your phone number and set a password to create a Ctrip account. We will verify your identity by sending a SMS verification code. If you refuse to provide your phone number, we will not be able to create an account and provide services for you on Ctrip. When you update your personal information in the future, you must meet the requirements of being timely, detailed, and accurate.
b) Product Display
When you use our products for search and browsing, we need to collect the search keywords you enter on the webpage or app, the pages or links you click on, in order to return the corresponding pages or results to you on the Ctrip server.
c) Place an order
When you book and use various travel products, you need to provide necessary information to complete the booking of travel products, including:
When booking a car rental both domestically and internationally, you need to provide the driver's name, driver's ID card, mobile phone number, WeChat ID, email, rental date, pick-up address, return address, and flight number information.
When you book insurance, you need to provide at least the departure date, return date, insurance period, number of insured persons, insured persons, destination information, and some insurance types require flight number, license plate number, and property address information.
When you book travel services, the information you need to provide for travel services (group tours, independent tours, weekend tours, cruise tours, peripheral tours, customized tours, air/train tickets+hotels, hotels+attractions) as a combination product depends on the combination of information collected by the specific sub services of the product (air tickets, train tickets, car rentals, private cars, hotels, homestays, inns, car tickets, tourist routes, boat tickets, yachts, boats, visas, guides, tickets, entertainment, insurance), and the specific information collected by the service will not exceed the total information collected by the sub services involved (such as service A collecting information x, service B collecting information y, and combination service AB collecting information will not exceed x+y).
When your traveler includes minors, we need you as a guardian to provide the name and identification number of the minors traveling.
You can book for others through Ctrip, and you need to submit the passenger's personal information. Before providing us with the passenger's personal information, you must ensure that you have obtained their consent and that they are aware of and accept this privacy policy.
d) Payment settlement
When you purchase a product for payment settlement, you need to provide your bank card number, expiration date, bank reserved mobile phone number, cardholder name, cardholder ID, and card verification code information.
e) Product delivery
When you need to use mailing (invoice, product) services when purchasing products, you need to provide the recipient's name, phone number, landline phone number, and shipping address information so that your order can be delivered.
If you need to issue a paper or electronic invoice, you also need to provide invoicing information including invoice header, email, recipient, mobile phone number, and shipping address information.
f) Customer service, protection of user rights and interests, and after-sales service
When you contact our customer service to obtain our customer service, you also need to provide your membership information and order information to verify your identity. To ensure service quality, protect platform user rights, prevent fraud, and check the accuracy of the information you provide during customer service, you can answer and call our customer service hotline through our online customer service
The chat information will also be collected, and the recording will be automatically deleted after being retained for a period of time, unless it is necessary for compliance requirements or legitimate interests.
We may also understand your travel plans, style, and preferences, including meal requirements, travel/departure times, seat selection, ticketing options, insurance options, and personal information required by Ctrip to provide other services such as travel, transportation, boat tickets, visas, guides, and group purchases.
g) Transaction security and financial risk control
To improve the security of your use of Ctrip products, more accurately identify and prevent attacks, and protect the security of your account, we will automatically collect device or software information during your use of the product, such as your IP address and the version and device identification code (IDFA/IMEI/OAID/Android ID/OPENUDID/UUID) used by your mobile device, device application installation list, and configuration information used to access our services through web browsers and mobile devices.
h) Legal compliance
The Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China requires network operators to require users to provide official identity information when providing information publishing and instant messaging functions. If your registered account is an email, to ensure compliance with legal requirements, we will require you to provide your mobile phone number for real name authentication.
At the same time, in order to meet the storage requirements of the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China and relevant laws and regulations for network logs, we will collect your network access log information through cookies or web beacons when you use our services.
（2） The situation where you can choose to provide personal information independently
To enhance your travel experience, we may collect and use your personal information based on the relevant permissions of your authorized mobile device operating system. If you do not provide this personal information, you can still complete various travel service bookings and related services.
Location based city automatic selection and personalized recommendation function: We collect your location information to determine your location, automatically select the city you are in to save you from manually entering your location information, and automatically recommend relevant travel services including hotels and scenic spots nearby. We collect geographic location information, including GPS or WLAN, and you can stop collecting your geographic location information by turning off the positioning function;
Microphone based voice search function: You can use this function to quickly search for voice based travel services within the Ctrip app;
Upload function based on photo albums and images: You can use this function to upload your photos for various travel order reviews;
Contact book based order traveler selection and recommendation function: You can use this function to quickly select travelers from your contact book on the order filling page and implement the friend recommendation function in your contact book during travel photography;
Quick call function based on calling and making phone calls: You can use this function to facilitate your contact with customer service;
External storage based storage function: You can use this function to expand the data storage space of mobile applications;,
Calendar based schedule reminder function: You can use this function to enable calendar reminders before travel;
Troubleshooting function based on mobile phone status: You can enable this function to improve the analysis and problem-solving efficiency of possible order or app failures in certain situations, and enhance the user experience;
Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
The scenarios in which you can independently choose to provide personal information also include:
The name, gender, and date of birth information you added during account settings;
The personal information contained in the content you share through our services, such as travel photos and order reviews, including shared photos or comments, date, time, location, or geographic location information, please be aware that the information you upload or share may result in the disclosure of your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information. Please carefully consider whether to upload and share relevant information when using our services. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of children, you need to obtain authorization and consent from the guardians of the children involved before publishing;
In non order scenarios, the frequent flyer information containing personal information that you actively added to Ctrip's frequent flyer information;
The email information you provided through the email binding function;
Account related information provided by you through the binding account function, including WeChat, QQ, Weibo, Baidu, Alipay;
We invite you to participate in market research to measure your interest in our products, services, and website based on the personal information you provide;
Shared information uploaded by you or others that displays your current or past geographic location;
（3） The situation where we obtain your personal information from third parties
We will obtain your relevant information from affiliated companies and business partners. For example, when you make a reservation through our affiliated companies, business partner websites, and their mobile applications, the reservation information you provide to them may be forwarded to us so that we can process your order and ensure a smooth booking. For example, we allow you to use social media accounts to link with our account for login. With your consent (which you authorize to the social platform), your relevant personal information will be shared with us through the social platform. Ctrip will confirm the legality of these personal information sources based on agreements with affiliated companies and business partners.
（4） Other
Please understand that the services we provide to you may be updated and developed. If you use other services not covered by the above instructions, and we need to collect your information based on that service, we will separately explain the scope and purpose of information collection to you through page prompts, interaction processes, agreement agreements, or revisions to this statement, and obtain your consent.
3. Information usage
(1) One
Generally speaking, Ctrip uses your personal information for the following purposes
To provide you with services: We use your personal data to complete and manage your online bookings. In addition, we will also provide you with relevant products and services through affiliated companies, business partners, and third parties.
Account Management: You can create an account through Ctrip. We will use the information you provide to manage your account and provide you with a series of practical functions. You can use your account to perform various operations, such as managing orders, adjusting personal settings, adding frequently used passenger information, viewing historical order information, order reviews, payment management, etc.
Reply to your inquiries and requests: We offer 24/7 international customer service in multiple languages to provide assistance when you need it.
Marketing activities: We will also use your information for legitimate and lawful marketing activities, such as sending you the latest news on travel related products or services, providing you with personalized recommendations that you may be interested in, and other promotional activity information.
Contact you: reply to and handle your questions or requests, send information related to the order (such as successful order submission prompts, reminders for unfinished orders to continue, etc.), we may also send you surveys or invite you to provide feedback on our services.
Market research: We sometimes invite you to participate in market research to measure your interest in our products, services, and website.
Enhance the security and reliability of our services: We may detect and prevent fraudulent and illegal activities, and use your personal data for risk assessment and security purposes.
Data analysis: We may use your order data for analysis to form a user profile, so that we can understand your location, preferences, and demographic information, or match it with data from other sources (including third parties), in order to develop our products, services, or marketing plans and improve our services.
Control credit risk: In order to ensure transaction security, Ctrip and its affiliated companies and business partners may conduct data analysis on user information and commercially utilize the above analysis results.
Daily operations: including but not limited to order management, customer verification, technical support, network maintenance, troubleshooting, internal administrative affairs and internal policies and procedures, generating internal reports, etc.
Phone monitoring: Your answering and dialing of our customer service calls may be recorded, and we may use call recordings to monitor the quality of our customer service, check the accuracy of the information you provide to prevent fraud, or for the purpose of training our internal personnel. The recording will be automatically deleted after being retained for a period of time, unless it is necessary for the scene to be retained due to compliance requirements or legitimate interests.
Fulfilling obligations: Handling insurance claims and payments under relevant policies, handling commissions paid to partners or filing claims or recovering payments for losses caused to service partners.
Legal Purpose: We may need to use your information to process and resolve legal disputes, or to comply with any laws, regulations, or regulatory documents that are binding on us, in order to cooperate with national authorities or regulatory agencies in investigating and complying with legal regulations.
In addition, we may collect, use, and disclose your personal information for other purposes and inform you through the revision of this statement.
(2) While enjoying the various services provided by Ctrip, you authorize and agree to receive commercial information sent by Ctrip to your email, mobile phone, mailing address, etc., including but not limited to the latest Ctrip product information, promotional information, etc. If you choose not to accept various information services provided by Ctrip, you can refuse such information services according to the corresponding settings provided by Ctrip.
(3) You are fully aware that we do not require your authorization or consent to use personal information in the following situations:
Related to national security and defense security;
Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests
Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
The collected personal information is disclosed by the personal information subject to the public on their own;
Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
Necessary to sign the contract according to your requirements;
Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products and/or services, such as discovering and handling faults in the products and/or services;
Necessary for legitimate news reporting;
Academic research institutions conduct statistical or academic research necessary for the public interest, and when providing results of academic research or descriptions to external parties, they de identify the personal information contained in the results;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
4. Information sharing, transfer, and public disclosure
(1) We may share your order information, account information, device information, and location information with third parties such as partners to ensure the smooth completion of the services we provide to you. But we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. Our partners include the following types (including entities within and outside of China):
Suppliers: including but not limited to hotels, airlines, cruise ships, car rentals, travel agencies, scenic spots, and event providers and agents to meet your booking needs. These suppliers may contact you as needed to complete travel products or services.
Financial institutions and third-party payment institutions: When you book an order, apply for a refund, or purchase insurance, we will share specific order information with financial institutions or third-party payment institutions. When we deem it necessary for fraud detection and prevention purposes, we will further share other necessary information with relevant financial institutions, such as IP addresses.
Business partners: We may work with partners to provide you with products or services, including express delivery services, communication services, customer service, marketing, advertising, etc.
Affiliated companies: We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies to enable us to provide you with information related to travel or other products and services
We will take no less stringent protection measures than this privacy policy.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies and organizations with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and our other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. If we want to change the purpose of processing personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
(2) Information transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
Obtaining your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
According to applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
(3) Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
Obtaining your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
According to applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
According to your needs, disclose the personal information you have specified in the disclosure method with your explicit consent
In accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required type and disclosure method. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of the aforementioned information, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters.
5. Information storage and cross-border transmission
(1) We will keep your personal information for three months after the date of account cancellation, unless it is necessary to extend the retention period or with the permission or assistance of legal or competent authorities to conduct inquiries.
(2) If we cease to operate Ctrip products or services, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold.
(3) The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China, except in the following circumstances:
There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
Obtain your explicit authorization;
You conduct cross-border transactions and other personal initiatives through the Internet.
6. The use of cookies
In order to provide you with a more convenient and easy access experience, when you visit the Ctrip website or use the services provided by Ctrip, we may store a name on your device terminal or system
Cookies are small data files used to identify your identity, which can help you avoid the step of repeatedly entering registration information, optimize your selection and interaction with advertisements, and help determine the security status of your account. You can clear all saved files on your computer or mobile device
Cookie， You have the right to accept or refuse cookies. If the browser automatically accepts cookies, you can modify the browser settings according to your needs to refuse cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to better experience the services provided by Ctrip.
7. Personal sensitive information reminder
Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, if leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The personal sensitive information referred to in this privacy policy includes:
Personal property information (including bank account number, password information, asset certification information, lending information, transaction and consumption records, virtual property information), personal health and medical information, personal biometric information (facial image, facial video), personal identity information (including ID card, passport, Taiwan compatriot card, home return card, military card, driver's license, household register, birth certificate, foreigners' permanent residence ID card, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan residents' residence card, photos, marriage certificate, relationship certificate, employment certificate, unit certificate), online identity information (including account name, email address and password, password, password protection answers related to the above), And other information (including contact list, personal phone number, marriage history, whereabouts, accommodation information, precise location information, racial information, religious information).
These personal sensitive information will be strictly protected. Ctrip's privacy policy reminds you that the content and information you upload or post in the products or services provided by Ctrip (such as travel photos and reviews) may disclose your personal sensitive information, which may not necessarily be the information that needs to be collected to provide the service.
Therefore, you need to carefully consider before using the products or services we provide for you. You agree that these sensitive personal information will be processed in accordance with the purposes and methods outlined in the Ctrip Privacy Policy.
8. Information Security and Protection
(1) Ctrip attaches great importance to information security and has established a dedicated team responsible for it.
We strive to provide you with information protection by adopting appropriate management, technical, and physical security measures. We have established an information security assurance system that is compatible with business development, based on domestic and international information security standards and best practices. We have obtained ISO27001 Information Security Management System Standard Certification and PCI-DSS Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard Certification.
(2) We have established security measures at various stages of data collection, storage, display, processing, use, and destruction from the perspective of the lifecycle of data. We adopt measures based on the level of information sensitivity
Take different control measures, including but not limited to access control, SSL encrypted transmission, AES 256 bit or higher strength encryption algorithms for encrypted storage, sensitive information desensitization display, etc.
(3) We have also implemented strict management for employees who may have access to your information, monitoring their operations. We have established approval mechanisms for important operations such as data access, internal and external transmission and use, anonymization, decryption, etc., and have signed confidentiality agreements with the aforementioned employees. At the same time, we also regularly provide information security training to our employees, requiring them to develop good operating habits in their daily work and enhance their awareness of data protection.
(4) Despite the aforementioned security measures, please understand that there are no "perfect security measures" on the internet. We will provide corresponding security measures based on existing technology to protect your information and provide reasonable security guarantees. We will do our best to ensure that your information is not leaked, damaged or lost.
(5) Your account has security protection functions. Please keep your account and password information safe and do not disclose your password to others. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account and password, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
(6) Please save or back up your text, images, and other information in a timely manner. You need to understand and accept that the system and communication network you use to access our services may encounter problems due to factors beyond our control.
(7) When using Ctrip services for online transactions, please protect your personal information (including but not limited to the name, contact information, or address of the traveler) and only provide it to others when necessary. Please use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us. To prevent unauthorized use of your password or your computer, mobile device, or SIM card, if you discover that your personal information, especially your account or password, has been leaked, please contact Ctrip customer service immediately so that we can verify and take appropriate measures based on your application.
9. Information security incident handling
After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
10. Protection of Minors' Information
(1) Ctrip attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the consent of your legal guardian before using Ctrip's services. Ctrip protects the personal information and privacy of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors.
(2) Ctrip will not actively collect personal information from minors directly. For the collection of personal information of minors with the consent of their guardians, we only use, share, transfer or disclose such information as permitted by laws and regulations, with the consent of the guardians, or as necessary to protect minors.
(3) As a guardian, you can log in to the app and use "My" ->"Common Information" to query, correct, and delete information related to minors. If there is evidence that a minor registered and used our services without the consent of their guardian, the guardian can contact Ctrip customer service, and we will delete the relevant minor's personal information as soon as possible after confirmation.
(4) For personal information of children under the age of 14, we will follow the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security protection, and lawful use, and store, use, and disclose it in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations such as the "Regulations on the Protection of Children's Personal Information Networks". When you, as a guardian, choose to use Ctrip related travel services for your child under guardianship, we may need to collect personal information of the child under guardianship from you for the purpose of providing you with necessary services. If you do not provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to enjoy the relevant services we provide. In addition, you may voluntarily provide us with personal information of children when using the evaluation function. Please be aware of this and choose carefully. As a guardian, you should fulfill your guardianship responsibilities correctly and protect the personal information security of children. If you have any opinions, suggestions or complaints regarding children's personal information, please contact us.
11. User Personal Information Management
(1) After logging in on the APP, you can follow the steps below to manage your personal information
Search, correct, and delete your frequent flyer information, address information, and reimbursement voucher information through "My" ->"Common Information";
Use "My" and click on the user avatar to check the real name, gender, date of birth, bound phone, bound email, login history, and account association information you have filled in;
Query, correct, and delete personal information in orders through "My" ->"All Orders";
You can also log in to the app, click on "My", and then click on the message button in the upper right corner to check your messages and chat history. Click on the search box at the top of the "Home" page, and then search and delete your search history in the "History Search" section below. If you have any problems during the operation, you can contact Ctrip customer service service@ctrip.com .
(2) You can cancel your Ctrip account through the following path: call the customer service hotline published on Ctrip's official website (such as 95010 or 400-830-6666 in China), follow the voice prompts to go to the customer service manual service, and have the customer verify and complete the account cancellation. You can also log in to the Ctrip app to cancel your account. The specific path is: click on the user avatar to enter "My Account", and then click "Permanently Cancel Account". After canceling a Ctrip account, all information in the account will be cleared, and we will no longer collect, use, or share personal information related to the account
However, we still need to store the previous information according to regulatory requirements, and within the legally required storage period, the authorized authorities still have the right to inquire in accordance with the law. For the relevant rules and procedures for account cancellation, please refer to the "Ctrip Account Cancellation Agreement" in the attachment of this policy.
(3) You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting your personal information, disabling device functions, and other means. You can also revoke all authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account. When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable legal requirements or security technology reasons, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until it can be cleared or anonymized when the backup is updated.
12. Visit our website from outside Chinese Mainland
If you visit our website from outside Chinese Mainland, please note that your information may be transferred to, stored in, and processed in Chinese Mainland. The data protection law and other laws in Chinese Mainland may be different from those in your country/region, but please believe that we will take measures to protect your information. By choosing to use our services, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transmitted to our website and to third parties who share information with us as described in this privacy policy.
13. Scope of Application of Privacy Policy
Except for certain specific services, all of our services are subject to the Ctrip Privacy Policy. Specific services will be subject to specific privacy policies. The privacy policy of this specific service constitutes a part of Ctrip's Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of any specific service and the Ctrip Privacy Policy, the privacy policy of the specific service shall apply.
Please note that the Ctrip Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through third-party services (including any third-party websites) accessed through our services; Information collected through other companies and institutions that provide advertising services in our service.
14. Modification of Privacy Policy
Ctrip may modify its privacy policy as necessary. Please understand that we may revise this privacy policy in a timely manner. We will indicate the latest update date of this privacy policy, which will take effect at the time of publication. Without your explicit consent, Ctrip will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. For significant changes, Ctrip will also provide more prominent notifications (including for certain services, we will send notifications via email explaining the specific changes to our privacy policy). Please regularly review this privacy policy to read the latest version.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
15. How to contact us
(1) If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions related to personal information protection or privacy protection, you can visit http://kefu.ctrip.com Online customer service system, or send an email to privacy@ctrip.com Alternatively, you can contact us through various methods such as calling our customer service hotline.
(2) Normally, we will reply within fifteen working days. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also file a complaint with regulatory authorities such as the Cyberspace Administration of China and the Consumer Protection Association. The complaint methods are as follows:
National Cyberspace Administration Reporting Center: http://www.12377.cn
Consumer complaint hotline: 12315
16. Legal
The privacy policy should be consistent with the interpretation of the country's national laws, including disputed and conflicting content in legal provisions. The user and Shanghai Ctrip Business Co., Ltd. unanimously agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the court. If any terms conflict with the law, these terms will be re interpreted as closely as possible, while other terms will remain legally effective and influential on the user. Any disputes arising from the interpretation of this privacy policy or the user's booking of any products through Ctrip will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Changning District People's Court of Shanghai.
Return to top
