After you successfully register a New Oriental account, the New Oriental account will be able to be used for login services on this app and other apps, products, and services provided by New Oriental Education Technology Group Co., Ltd. and its affiliates, as well as their extended functions, including but not limited to the New Oriental app, New Oriental Cloud Classroom PC, New Oriental Little Book Boy app, New Oriental Postgraduate Entrance Exam app, New Oriental Cloud Classroom web app, Bilibili Foreign Teacher app, Bilibili Literacy, New Oriental website, New Oriental TOEFL website, mini program, and various products and services provided to you in new forms with technological development.
If you are already a New Oriental user, you need to provide us with your registered mobile phone number and fill in the verification code obtained before logging in. It should be noted that if the mobile phone number you provide has not been registered with New Oriental, we will directly register a New Oriental account for you through the quick registration method and log you in.
You can also use the "one click login" method to log in. When you use the "one click login" function to log in, we will obtain your current mobile phone number from China Mobile, China Unicom, or telecom operators (collectively referred to as "operators"). For details, please click on Attachment 1.1 "Roombox APP Third Party Collection and Use of Personal Information List" of this policy. The above information is obtained to enable you to conveniently log in without manually entering your phone number. After you have read and agreed to the relevant service agreement of the corresponding operator, we will obtain your mobile phone number from the operator and provide you with convenient login. If the obtained mobile phone number has not been registered for a "New Oriental account", we will create a New Oriental account for you and provide you with follow-up services. If you do not wish to use the "one click login" function, you can register and log in through other means.
You can also log in by setting a password and using your phone number and password. You need to set a password and submit it. The password you set will be encrypted by a nationally recognized encryption method and stored in the database of New Oriental. No one except you can know your password, but the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use complex passwords to help us ensure the security of your account.
Student account binding
Change nickname
Address information
If you participate in the "Star Exchange Physical Reward" activity, you need to fill in the "recipient name", "contact information", and "mailing address" so that we can mail the gift to you.
participate in activities
When you participate in our user marketing activities, we need you to provide some information, which may include your name, photo, mailing address, contact information, WeChat or Alipay payment authorization. These pieces of information can help us publicize the results of the event, promote the event in the future, contact you, distribute gifts or provide services to you. If you refuse to provide such information, it may result in the inability to participate in the corresponding activities, receive gifts, or complete transfer payments, but it will not affect your use of the core business functions and services provided by New Oriental. During the process of course communication, interaction, and evaluation, your personal information may also be included or associated with it. Please carefully consider disclosing relevant sensitive personal information.
Feedback on opinions
We can accept the feedback information you provide through the feedback function of the New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP. The feedback information may include your name, phone number, problem screenshot, and explanation. Since the feedback information is provided by you voluntarily, it is deemed that you have agreed to us obtaining and using such feedback information within the legal scope. We may contact you through the contact information you provided and further obtain relevant feedback information.
Questionnaire survey
In order to provide you with better services and a better online environment, we may conduct surveys to understand your usage preferences, relevant opinions, information that interests you, and courses that interest you. You can choose to participate in the questionnaire survey independently, and the survey results will only be used for statistical purposes.
（2） Information collected during use
During your use of the service, we may also collect the following information:
Image and voice information
When you attend classes through the New Oriental Cloud Classroom app, your voice communication information and video recordings (including facial avatars) will be retained.
Call information
When you contact the New Oriental customer service team, we will record your call information, your opinions or suggestions, the name and contact information you provide through call recording and manual input, so that we can handle disputes, solve problems, or provide you with feedback on the results. If you refuse our collection of such information, it may result in you being unable to call our customer service hotline or our customer service team being unable to provide feedback on the processing results to you, but it does not affect your use of the core business functions of the New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP.
Cutting board information
When you share or receive shared information, participate in activities, etc., we need to access your clipboard and read the necessary information contained therein (such as passwords, links) to achieve functions such as jumping, sharing, and event linkage.
In order to analyze statistical indicators such as application addition, activation, retention, and performance, we may use a clipboard to perform attribution analysis on relevant statistical information. Please rest assured that we will not collect your privacy information.
log information
When you use the products and/or services provided by the New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP, the APP will collect relevant device information to provide you with continuous and stable service support. At the same time, it will help the APP continuously improve its products or services, so that you can have the best experience while using the New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP products and/or services. We may collect your log information, including your hardware device model, screen width and height, software version information you use, your operating system and version, your IP address, your location, mobile network information, and your device ID.
The above information you provide and the information obtained will continue to authorize us to use it during your use of this service. Unless there are special legal requirements for storage time, we will stop using and anonymize the above information when you cancel your account.
At the same time, in order to improve the security of your use of our services and more accurately prevent phishing website fraud and Trojan viruses, we may
By understanding your internet usage habits and commonly used software information, we can assess the risk of your account and may record links (URLs) that we consider risky.
Facial recognition features
Facial recognition features
When you enable the beauty feature for audio and video classes, in order to provide a better user experience and display effect, we may need to obtain your facial feature information for rendering effects. We will not transmit this information back to the server, store it, or use it for any other purpose or provide it to third parties;
When you choose parameters for beauty, such as big eyes, slim face, etc., we will record these parameters and store them in the local application so that you can use them directly next time for your convenience. We will not transmit this information back to the server, nor will we use it for any other purpose or provide it to third parties. When you uninstall this product, the above information will also be deleted;
3、 Device permission call
The New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP may call some of your device permissions. The following are the corresponding business functions for calling permissions, the purpose of our calling permissions, and the information we asked you before calling permissions.
You can choose to disable some or all permissions in the device's settings function to refuse New Oriental Industries and/or services from collecting corresponding personal information. Different devices using the Android system may have different ways of displaying and disabling permissions. Please contact the device and system developers for details.
(1) IOS system permission invocation
(2) Android system permission call
4、 The use of cookies and similar technologies
The use of cookies
To achieve a more relaxed access experience for you. We may collect your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, login IP address information, as well as cache your browsing and clicking information through cookies or similar technologies. We send cookies to you to simplify the process of logging in repeatedly, eliminating the need to repeatedly enter username and password information, and to help determine your login status and account or data security.
We will not use cookies
For any purpose other than those stated in this privacy policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. But if you do so, you may need to personally change your user settings every time you visit the New Oriental website, and the corresponding information you previously recorded will also be deleted, which may have a certain impact on the security of the services you use.
The use of network beacons and similar technologies
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as web beacons on our website. Our website often contains electronic images (referred to as "single pixel" GIF files or...)
Network Beacon.
We use network beacons in the following ways:
5、 Use of personal information
To provide you with services, improve our service quality, and optimize your service experience, we will use your personal information in compliance with legal regulations or with your authorization, and mainly for the following purposes:
To provide products and/or services that cover language learning, natural sciences, and humanities for our most basic children, college students, and working professionals, and to maintain and improve these services, including adapting appropriate courses to you, we will use your information under this account.
We may use your personal information to verify identity, prevent, detect, and investigate potential fraudulent, security compromising, illegal, or rule breaking activities with us or our affiliates, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users, us, or our affiliates.
We may share your name, shipping address, and phone information with external logistics agencies in order to send you course gifts.
We will conduct statistics on the usage of our services and may share this statistical information with the public or third parties to showcase the overall usage trends of our products or services. But these statistical information do not include any of your identification information.
When you participate in surveys about our products and services, we may obtain the response information you sent to us during the survey, as well as the relevant information you provide during interactions with our affiliates and partners, in order to optimize the quality and process of customer service.
When we display your personal information, we will use methods such as content replacement and anonymous processing to anonymize your information and protect its security.
Please be informed that in the following situations, we do not require your authorization or consent to collect and use personal information:
Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
The personal information involved is disclosed by the personal information subject to the public on their own;
Necessary for signing and fulfilling contracts according to the requirements of the personal information subject;
Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as discovering and handling product or service failures;
6、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
share
With your consent, we may share your necessary personal information with our affiliated companies to provide and develop our products and/or services. Except for the following circumstances, we and our affiliated companies will not share your personal information with any third party without your consent:
Obtain your consent or authorization;
According to the provisions of laws and regulations or the requirements or authorizations of administrative, judicial and other competent authorities;
For the purposes described in the "Use of Personal Information" section, or to fulfill our obligations under the User Agreement or this Privacy Policy
The obligation and exercise of our rights to share your personal information with our affiliates, partners, or third parties performing certain functions on our behalf (such as communication service providers who send push notifications on our behalf, logistics agencies responsible for sending teaching materials, payment agencies that process bank cards, third-party verification agencies, English assessment agencies);
In some cases, only sharing your information can provide the services you need, or handle disputes or controversies between you and others;
We conduct joint marketing activities with third parties, and we may share personal information generated during the activity process that is necessary to complete the activity, such as the number of users participating in the activity, the winning list, and the contact information of the winners, so that the third party can promptly distribute prizes to you. Shared with authorized partners, certain of our services will be provided by authorized partners solely for the purposes stated in this policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
Third party services
In order to provide and optimize our services, the New Oriental Cloud Classroom app is embedded with third-party SDKs or APIs. These third-party SDKs or APIs will cooperate with us to provide you with accurate and comprehensive teaching services. When you call related functions, these third-party SDKs or APIs may also collect your personal information. These services involve positioning, voice recognition, and video playback. All the above information will be transmitted in a de identified manner. In the use of personal sensitive information, we require third parties to adopt data anonymization and encryption technologies to better protect personal sensitive information. For the SDK directory of our partners and other third parties that we access, please refer to the attached "Third Party SDK Directory".
transfer the possession of
According to legal regulations and reasonable business practices, when we plan to merge or be acquired by other companies or engage in other capital market activities, as well as in other situations where we need to undergo due diligence from other entities, we will provide your information to necessary entities, but we will require them to take reasonable confidentiality measures for your personal information by signing confidentiality agreements with these entities. As our business develops, we and our affiliates may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions.
Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with industry standard security measures in place:
According to your needs, disclose the personal information you have specified in the disclosure method with your explicit consent.
To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of us, our affiliates, or other users, we may provide necessary information to your counterparties or third parties with interests in resolving transaction disputes or controversies when assisting in the handling of such disputes or controversies.
According to the law, criminal investigation agencies may obtain necessary personal information through legal procedures for investigating crimes; We will provide your relevant information to administrative or judicial authorities who have lawfully established procedures and have obtained your authorization and consent to access necessary personal information; We will not provide your personal information to any third-party organization or individual without following legal procedures or obtaining your consent.
5. Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
Personal information that the individual discloses to the public on their own;
Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
7、 How do we store and protect your personal information
How to save your personal information
According to relevant laws and regulations, we will store your personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If some services involve cross-border business and we need to transmit relevant personal information collected domestically to overseas institutions, we will comply with laws, regulations, and relevant regulatory authorities, explain the purpose of personal information export and the types of personal information involved, obtain your consent, and require overseas institutions to keep your personal information confidential through effective measures such as signing agreements and on-site verification.
During your use of New Oriental products and/or services, we will continue to store your personal information.
The information and data we collect about you will be stored on our and/or our affiliated company's servers. At the same time, we will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless required by law, such as the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China, which requires the retention period of product and service information and transaction information to be no less than 3 years from the date of the transaction; The Implementation Opinions of the Ministry of Education and Six Other Departments on Standardizing Off campus Online Training stipulate that user behavior logs must be retained for more than one year. According to relevant national laws and regulations, personal information used to identify your personal identity and reflect related activities will be stored and used in mainland China.
If we terminate the service or operation, we will notify you at least thirty days in advance and delete or anonymize your personal information after the termination of the service or operation.
How to protect your personal information
We attach great importance to personal information security and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information:
We will adopt security measures that comply with industry standards, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information, and to avoid data damage or loss.
We have obtained
We have obtained the following certification: Our core business system has passed the filing and evaluation of the People's Republic of China Network Security Level Protection Level 3 certification.
If we cease the related business of "New Oriental Cloud Classroom", we will promptly stop collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold about you.
We have implemented various protective measures such as internal management systems and technical support to safeguard your personal information, including but not limited to the following:
In terms of internal management system, we have adopted a data classification and grading system based on the sensitivity and type of data, and have implemented various permission restrictions such as user permissions, usage scenario permissions, usage authorization permissions, and hierarchical approval mechanisms according to the classification and grading results; We will delete your personal information once the retention period of the stored personal information expires.
In terms of technical security measures, we have adopted irreversible encryption and isolation storage during storage, desensitization processing during information display and download, and technical measures such as dedicated line transmission, encrypted transmission, key and data medium isolation transmission during transmission to ensure the security of your personal information.
In regular security audits, we use audit mechanisms to comprehensively verify and control the effectiveness of privacy policies and related regulations, as well as data security.
In terms of mechanism guarantee, we have established an information security team to conduct personal information security impact assessments on the collection, use, sharing, and entrusted processing of personal information. At the same time, we continuously train our staff on relevant laws and regulations, privacy and security guidelines, and enhance their awareness of security. We also organize all staff to participate in security exams every year. In addition, our corresponding network/system has passed the national network security level protection evaluation.
We have developed relevant emergency plans for information security incidents and regularly organize internal personnel to receive emergency response training and drills, so that they can master their job responsibilities, emergency response strategies, and procedures.
The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will try our best to ensure the security of any information you send us. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through website window prompts, APP push notifications, sending emails/short messages, phone calls, and other means. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements. If your legitimate rights and interests are damaged, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use complex passwords in a secure way to help us ensure the security of your account. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account or password, please contact us immediately using the contact information provided in this policy so that we can take appropriate measures.
Please note that individual device information, search keyword information, and other data that cannot be directly linked to any specific individual are not considered personal information. If we combine such non personal information with other information to identify the personal identity of a natural person, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, such device information will be considered personal information. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that unrelated personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless an extension of the retention period is required or permitted by law.
8、 How do you manage personal information
According to applicable laws and regulations, we will take appropriate technical measures to ensure your right to access, update, correct or delete your personal information. If there are legal requirements that prevent us from fulfilling your request, we will provide you with a reasonable explanation. You have the following rights to your personal information:
Access rights
You have the right to access your bound student information and the course information associated with the bound student in the New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP. When you log in to the New Oriental Cloud Classroom app through your account, you can view course information in the calendar interface. You can view and modify your personal nickname information and address through "Home → My" under the "New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP".
Right to correction
You can modify your "student nickname" or switch personnel accounts in your account on the New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP. You also have the right to request us to make corrections or updates to incorrect or incomplete information by contacting customer service at 4000811200.
Revocation right
To change the scope of your authorization or withdraw your authorization, we will protect your right to withdraw your consent through the following methods:
In the personalized message sent by New Oriental, the unsubscribe method will be explained, and you can withdraw your consent according to the unsubscribe method described in the message.
You can disable the corresponding device permissions (including location, contacts, photos, microphone, camera, notifications, etc.) and revoke the authorization for the New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP to obtain your device permissions through the device's settings function. Users can disable the relevant privacy authorization in "Phone Settings → Permissions", specifically:
Android phone: Settings → Apps → Permissions → New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP;
IOS phone: Settings → Privacy → Permissions → New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP;
You can withdraw your consent to the privacy policy by going to "Home → My → About - Privacy Policy" under the "New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP". You can contact customer service to cancel your account through the methods listed in "Home → My → Cancel Account" under the "New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP".
If you are unable to manage the above personal information, you can contact our customer service at any time to resolve it.
Delete Right
When you no longer use New Oriental's products or services, or when we violate laws and regulations or our agreements with you to collect, use, or share your personal information with others, you have the right to delete the information you provide. You can contact customer service at 4000811200 to submit a deletion request. Subject to meeting the minimum retention period required by this policy, user agreement, and legal regulations, we
We will delete or anonymize your personal information, but this may prevent us from providing you with the corresponding services.
Right of cancellation
You can delete personal information or cancel your account independently, except for the following situations:
In order to cooperate with the People's Procuratorate, public security organs, and national security organs in investigating criminal activities that occur during the use of various New Oriental applications by users, and to better protect the safety of other users' lives and property, and to cooperate with the People's Court in investigating the case, your personal information and account will be saved.
To comply with laws, regulations, policies, and other provisions regarding the retention period of personal information.
You can contact us to cancel the previously registered account through the methods listed in "Home → My → Cancel Account" under the "New Oriental Cloud Classroom APP". We will delete the account within the legal time limit. After choosing to cancel your account, all information in your account will be cleared and cannot be restored. We will no longer collect, use or share personal information related to this account, but the previous information still needs to be stored with strong encryption in accordance with national regulatory requirements, and during the period of lawful storage, we will be instructed by the competent authorities to provide access to the information. Please refer to the "How We Save and Protect Your Personal Information" section for the storage period and disposal methods beyond the expiration date.
Obtain a copy of your personal information
You can send a written request to us requesting a copy of your personal information to jxcp@xdf.cn Email: Based on your written request, we will provide you with copies of the following types of personal information: your phone number, account information, associated student information, course information, order information, and payment information when registering using the New Oriental Cloud Classroom app. However, please note that the information we provide you with is limited to the information we have collected.
Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to demand an explanation from us, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
In response to your above request
If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information through the above methods, or if you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when using New Oriental services, or if you believe that New Oriental has violated any laws, regulations or agreements with you regarding the collection or use of personal information, you can contact customer service at 4000811200 or email g_400yyzc@xdf.cn Get in touch with us.
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will handle it within fifteen working days. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
The personal information controller has sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse
Using rights;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
Involving trade secrets.
9、 How to protect the personal information of minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, before using the functions or services provided by the New Oriental platform, you should follow the registration and usage process. Please ask your parents or guardians to carefully read this policy and obtain their consent before using our services or providing us with information. And assist you in completing the registration process so that you can use the functions or services of the New Oriental platform. Minors under the age of 14 are required to use the New Oriental Cloud Classroom app with the explicit consent or accompaniment of their guardians or parents.
If you are the guardian of a minor, you should carefully read this policy before helping the minor complete registration and use; Specifically, if you are the guardian of a child under the age of 14, you should carefully read the "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules", decide whether to agree with this policy and the "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules", and assist minors in registering and using the platform's functions or services. Children under the age of 14 can only use the functions or services provided by the platform after obtaining the consent of their guardians to this policy. In order to strengthen the protection of children's personal information, in addition to complying with other provisions under this policy, the platform will follow the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security guarantee, and lawful use, and protect children's personal information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations and the provisions of this policy. For specific content, please refer to the "Rules for the Protection of Children's Personal Information".
If you have any questions or requests regarding the protection of personal information of minors under your guardianship, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in Part 12 of this policy. We will process and reply to you within a reasonable time. If the guardian discovers that the personal information of the relevant minor is filled in by the minor themselves and needs to be modified or deleted, please feel free to contact us at any time.
For the collection of personal information of minors with the consent of parents or guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose the relevant information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or when necessary to protect minors
.
If your guardian does not agree to your use of our services or provision of information to us in accordance with this policy, please immediately terminate your use of our services and notify us promptly so that we can take appropriate measures.
In order to strengthen the protection of personal information of minors, in addition to complying with other provisions under this privacy policy, New Oriental will follow the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security protection, and lawful use, and protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations and the provisions of this privacy policy. The specific content is as follows:
New Oriental stores the collected information of minors and personal information of users other than minors separately. The platform will adopt encryption measures no lower than those of industry peers to store the information of minors and ensure the security of their information.
New Oriental will designate a dedicated person to be responsible for the protection of minors' information. Any staff member who accesses minors' personal information must obtain approval from the minors' information protection personnel (including electronic information exchange methods such as email, SMS, WeChat) and form a record of the access situation; At the same time, adopt technical measures no lower than those of industry peers to avoid illegal copying and downloading of personal information of minors.
If the New Oriental platform needs to transfer the personal information of minors to a third party, in addition to obtaining the consent of the minor's guardian again and meeting the above principles, it will conduct a security assessment on its own or entrust a third-party organization and form an assessment report.
10、 Applicable Law
The establishment, effectiveness, implementation, interpretation, and dispute resolution of this privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of mainland China.
11、 Version update
We will make modifications to the privacy policy. If there are significant changes (such as changes to business functions, usage purposes, personal information protection related contact information, etc.), we will publish them on the New Oriental Cloud Classroom app through message push before the new version of the privacy policy officially takes effect, so that you can understand the specific changes and provide us with suggestions. If you continue to use our service, it will be considered as acceptance of the new version of the privacy agreement. If you do not accept the modified terms, you can cancel your account.
12、 Contact Us
Company Name: New Oriental Education Technology Group
Registered address: No. 6 Haidian Middle Street, Haidian District, Beijing
If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, or if you find that personal information has been leaked, please contact our dedicated department for personal information protection through the following methods.
Customer service hotline: 4000811200 (weekdays: 9:00-18:00)
Online audio and video classes
Retrieve external storage for reading and writing, check WiFi status, check phone status, check network connection, local microphone, photo album, and retrieve running applications
Audio and video classroom interaction
Retrieve read/write external storage, view WiFi status, view phone status, view network connection, microphone, retrieve device gyroscope sensor, accelerometer sensor
Network type, device information (including IP address, device manufacturer, device model, mobile operating system, SIM card information SIM State, SIM card information ICCID)
One click login and authentication with local phone number.
Tencent Cloud Storage SDK
Possible access to read/write external storage, view WiFi status, view phone status, view network connection, local microphone, photo album, and retrieve running applications.
Submission of images
User behavior analysis
In order to ensure the stable and secure operation of the system, and to conduct statistical analysis of user behavior within the app, report operational behavior, and conduct data analysis.
System anomaly analysis
In order to collect, summarize, and analyze system anomaly information for rapid detection and resolution of anomalies.
Alibaba Beauty Special Effects SDK
The Alibaba Beauty Effects SDK may collect the UUID, device model, IP address, IDFV (IOS), Devild, and camera of your device
Beauty in class videos
Possible access to external storage, WiFi status, phone status, network connection
Download learning video files
Online playback of audio and video
Alibaba Player
External storage, view WiFi status, view network status
Play related learning videos
Email: g_400yyzc@xdf.cn
We will handle your questions, complaints, and suggestions within a maximum of fifteen working days.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile.
Appendix: Third Party SDK Directory
We will conduct strict security monitoring on the SDKs used by our partners to obtain personal information, in order to protect your information security.
