Sina Online Privacy Protection System
Privacy is your important right. Providing us with your personal information is based on trust in us, and we believe that we will treat your personal information with a responsible attitude. We believe that the information you provide can only be used to help us provide you with better service. Therefore, we have established a personal information confidentiality system on Sina to protect your personal information. Our personal information confidentiality system is summarized as follows:
What type of personal information do we collect?
Usually, you can access our website anonymously and obtain information. Before we request you to provide relevant information, we will explain the purpose of this information. Some of our sites require registration to join. Normally, this type of registration only requires you to provide an email address and some basic information such as your job and position. Sometimes we may also ask you to provide more information. We do this to better understand your needs and provide you with effective services. The information we collect on our site includes name, address, and phone number. You have the right to decide at any time not to accept any information from us.
Protect your privacy
We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy. Whenever you provide us with sensitive information, we will take reasonable steps to protect your sensitive information, and we will also take reasonable security measures to protect stored personal information. Unless required by law or mandatory government regulations, we will not provide any of your personal information to unrelated third parties (including companies or individuals) without your permission. However, if you request us to provide specific customer support services or deliver some items to you, we will need to provide your name and address to a third party such as a shipping company. Our website will provide links to third-party websites. Since we cannot control these websites, we recommend that you carefully review the personal information confidentiality policies of these third-party websites.
Privacy principle
Due to the importance of your privacy to us, the Sina website that publishes this privacy statement will manage information related to privacy based on the following five principles.
Principle 1
Whenever Sina needs to identify your identity or contact you, it will explicitly ask for the required information, namely personal data. Generally speaking, when you register on the website, request special services, or participate in prize competitions, you will be asked for this information. If possible, Sina will use some methods to confirm the accuracy and timeliness of your personal information.
Principle 2
Sina website and its necessary service partners use your personal information to operate the website and services, and will notify you of new features and services, as well as various products of Sina website and its subsidiaries. Sina will also carefully select product or service information from other companies to send to you, usually related to the site's own services, but not necessary for operations (secondary use)
Principle 3
If Sina wants to use personal information for secondary purposes, Sina will provide instructions on how to refuse this service. You can terminate the sending of these letters according to the instructions on the materials or promotional letters sent to you by Sina.com.
Principle 4
Sina may disclose personal information as required by law, or in good faith believe that such practices are necessary for the following: (1) compliance with legal notices or compliance with legal procedures applicable to Sina sites; (2) Protect the rights or property of Sina users; (3) In emergency situations, in order to protect the personal or public safety of Sina and its users.
Principle 5
If you feel that Sina has not complied with these principles at any time, please use email privacy@staff.sina.com Notify us that we will make every effort to immediately improve this issue within a reasonable and appropriate scope.
The purpose of cookies
Sina website sometimes uses cookies to let us know which websites are popular and provide you with better service when visiting our website. Cookies do not track personal information. When you register our website program, Sina also uses cookies. In this case, useful information will be stored so that our website can identify you when you visit our website again. Cookies from Sina website can only be read by Sina website. If your browser is set to reject cookies, you can still access most of our websites.
How to update the personal information you have provided to Sina
If your address, job title, phone number, or email address changes, you can notify Sina using the contact information published on the Sina website to help us maintain the accuracy of your information. You can also update your personal information by logging in to members. sina. com. cn/edit/(the update member information column on the Sina user registration page),. Sina welcomes your comments and questions regarding this confidentiality policy. We will be committed to protecting your personal information and making every effort to ensure its security. Due to the rapid development of online technology, we will update our information confidentiality system at any time. All revisions will be published on this website. Please send all comments and questions related to this statement to. Sina welcomes your comments and questions regarding this confidentiality policy. We will be committed to protecting your personal information and making every effort to ensure its security. Due to the rapid development of online technology, we will update our information confidentiality system at any time. All revisions will be published on this website. Please send all comments and questions related to this statement to privacy@staff.sina.com .
