The operating entity is
Beijing NetEase Youdao Computer System Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (or abbreviated as)
We attach great importance to protecting the personal information and privacy security of our users ("you"), and hope that this summary can help you understand intuitively and concisely how we collect, use, process, and protect your personal information.
1、 How do we collect and use personal information and permissions
You need to provide
Provide your phone number, verification code, or third-party account, and create your account, username, and password. If you only need to browse and learn about Youdao premium courses, you do not need to register an account or provide the above information.
Information display and content push:
Based on the information you provide to us, the information we may collect, and the information we indirectly collect, we combine one or more pieces of information to model recommendation algorithms, analyze user behavior, and create user profiles. This is done to extract features related to your browsing, search preferences, behavioral habits, and location information, in order to provide you with page displays and personalized content recommendations that better meet your needs. You can do it through
Login to Youdao Premium Course
Maintain basic operation: In order to identify abnormal account status, understand product compatibility, and provide you with basic services such as browsing and searching, we may directly or indirectly collect and store information about the services you use and how you use them, and associate this information, including log information and device information. Please note that individual log information and device information cannot identify the identity of a natural person.
Security guarantee: In order to improve the security of your use of our and our partners' services, protect your or other users' or the public's personal and property safety from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or related agreement rules of Youdao premium course services, we may collect, use or integrate your account information, transaction information, device information, log information and personal information authorized by you or shared by our affiliated companies and partners in accordance with the law to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detection and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
Personal Information List and Permission List: To fully understand the personal information we obtain from users, you can choose to view the "Youdao Premium Course Personal Information Collection and Use List" posted on the webpage. To fully understand the permission name, type, scenario, and purpose of obtaining user devices, you can click on the "Youdao Premium Course Application Permission Application and Usage Explanation".
2、 How do we share personal information
To provide you with specific services, we need to share or delegate your personal information necessary for the purpose of the services to our affiliated companies and other service providers. We will take necessary technical and management measures to protect your personal information.
Third party sharing list: You can click on the "Youdao Premium Course Personal Information Third party Sharing List" to view the collection and use of your personal information by third parties.
3、 How do we manage personal information
We provide you with a convenient way to manage your personal information. If you want to inquire, correct, delete, revoke authorization and consent, cancel your account, or obtain a copy of your personal information, you can visit the relevant function page or contact us through the contact information specified in Article 10 of this policy.
4、 Protection of Minors
We encourage guardians to be aware that minors are using Youdao premium courses. If you are under the age of fourteen, please notify your guardian to read and accept our "Youdao Premium Course Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice" together, and seek their consent and guidance before using Youdao Premium Course services and submitting personal information.
5、 Contact Us
If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy or matters related to personal information, you can consult our online customer service, send an email or write a letter. Generally, we will process your message within fifteen days after receiving it and verifying your user identity. If you are not satisfied with our handling, you can also file a complaint or report to the department responsible for personal information protection.
Phone: 400-666-6696
Email: youdao_kecheng@163.com
Letter: 2nd Floor, Building A, West Zone, Zhongguancun Software Park, No. 10 Xibeiwang East Road, Haidian District, Beijing, China. Personal Information Protection Manager of Beijing NetEase Youdao Computer System Co., Ltd., Postal Code: 100193.
Youdao Premium Course Privacy Policy
Update Date: December 13, 2023
Effective Date: December 13, 2023
Welcome to use the products and services provided by 'Youdao Premium Course'! Youdao Premium Course (or referred to as "we") is created and operated by Beijing NetEase Youdao Computer System Co., Ltd. Our registered address is: 2nd Floor, Building A, Zhongguancun Software Park West District, No. 10 Xibeiwang East Road, Haidian District, Beijing. We deeply understand the importance of personal information to you, and we solemnly promise to protect the personal information and privacy security of users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") who use our products and services (hereinafter referred to as "Youdao Premium Course Services"). When you use Youdao Premium Course Services, we may collect and use your relevant personal information (or "personal information"). The "Youdao Premium Course Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") applies to the Youdao Premium Course services we provide. Users under the age of 18 are required to read this policy with the accompaniment of their legal guardians and pay special attention to the terms of use for minors. Specifically, if you are a child under the age of 14, please ask your guardian to carefully read the "Youdao Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice". After obtaining the consent of your guardian, you can use the Youdao Premium Course service. We hope to explain to you through this policy the corresponding processing rules when collecting and using your personal information, as well as the ways we provide you with access, correction, deletion, and protection of this personal information, in order to better protect your rights.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
3、 We can
Personal information that can be shared, transferred, and disclosed
4、 How do we store and protect the security of your personal information
5、 How to manage your personal information
6、 Third party services
7、 Protection of Minors
8、 Notification and Revision
9、 Legal Application and Jurisdiction
10、 How to contact us
【 Special Reminder 】 Please read carefully (minors should read with a guardian) and understand this policy (especially the content highlighted in bold or underlined) before using Youdao Premium Course Service, in order to make appropriate choices. Once you use or continue to use our products or services after we update this policy, it means that you agree to this policy and consent to us processing your relevant personal information in accordance with this policy.
This policy applies to Youdao premium course services, such as the "NetEase Email Account Service Terms"（ https://reg.163.com/agreement_wap.shtml?v=20171127 ）In case of any inconsistency between the provisions of the "Youdao Premium Course Service Terms" and the "Youdao Privacy Policy", this policy shall prevail. If a single service we provide is not applicable to this policy, the service will explicitly exclude the application of this policy in an appropriate manner.
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
We collect your personal information mainly for you and other users to use Youdao Premium Course services more easily and satisfactorily. And these personal information help us achieve this goal.
（1） We will collect and obtain your personal information through the following channels:
1. The personal information you provided.
(1) The personal information you provide to us when registering for or using the Youdao Premium Course Service includes your phone number, and you can voluntarily choose to fill in your nickname, avatar, shipping address, course reminder phone number, grade level, recipient name, recipient contact information, and set a login password. If you only need to browse and learn about Youdao premium courses, you do not need to register an account or provide the above information. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functions of using Youdao Premium Course;
(2) The shared personal information you provide to other parties through the Youdao Premium Course Service, as well as the personal information stored when you use the Youdao Premium Course Service.
2. Your personal information shared by third parties. That is, the shared personal information about you provided by third parties when using Youdao Premium Course services.
3. We have obtained your personal information. When you use Youdao Premium Course Services, we collect, summarize, and record personal information.
（2） We will collect and use the following types of personal information from you for the following purposes:
1. Assist you in completing registration, login, and logout
In order for us to provide you with complete Youdao Premium Course services, you need to provide basic registration or login information, including registering and logging in with your mobile phone number or providing a third-party account to log in to Youdao Premium Course. If you only need to use basic services such as browsing and searching, you do not need to register as a Youdao premium course user and provide the above personal information.
During the registration, login, or subsequent use of Youdao Premium Course Service, if you provide additional personal information such as your age, learning stage, and location, it will help us provide you with personalized recommendations and a better service experience. However, if you do not provide these personal information, it will not affect the basic functions of using Youdao Premium Course Service.
2. Customer service and after-sales service
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, or when you contact us, our customer service or after-sales may require you to provide real identity information (name, ID card, contact information, and account information) to verify your identity, in order to assist you with the problem or record the solution and results of the relevant issue.
Please note that your identity information is personal sensitive information. Please provide it with caution. If you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to access the relevant services, but it does not affect the normal use of other functions and services.
3. Maintain the normal operation of basic functions
In the process of using our services, in order to identify abnormal account status and understand product compatibility, we provide you with basic services such as browsing, searching, registering/logging in, viewing and editing personal information, purchasing courses and classes, practice rooms, mailing, payment, and balance recharge, and maintain the normal operation of basic functions (such as under the eye protection function, in order to facilitate the recognition of your learning posture, remind you of your learning time, and enable you to automatically switch between horizontal and vertical screens when watching videos, we need to collect acceleration sensor information; such as collecting your Android ID under the Android system, which is a unique identifier for statistics and differentiation of user devices, in order to provide you with data statistics services). We may automatically collect and store information about the services you use and your usage. Provide information on the methods and correlate this information, These pieces of information include:
(1) Log information: When you use our services, we may automatically collect detailed usage information of our services as relevant network logs for storage. The log information includes your login account, search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, network environment, language used, visit date and time, as well as your browsing history of web pages visited, push opening history, crash history, dwell time, refresh history, publishing history, follow, subscribe, bookmark, and share.
(2) Device information: We may receive and record device related information (including IMEI, MAC, OPEN UDID, Android ID, IDFA, UUID, AAID, IDFV, OAID, MEID, UAID, Serial, SSID, BSSID, SIM card IMSI identification code, device model, operating system type and version, client version, device resolution, package name, device settings, process and software list, software and hardware feature information), device location related information (including IP address, GPS location, WLAN access point that can provide relevant personal information, Bluetooth and base station sensor information, acceleration sensor information), and software list based on the specific permissions you grant during software installation and use.
At the same time, in order to collect the basic personal device information mentioned above, we will apply to access your device information
Permission, we collect this information to provide you with our basic services and features. Refusing to provide the above permissions may result in you being unable to use our products and services.
Please note that individual device information and log information are personal information that cannot identify the identity of a specific individual. If we combine this type of non personal information with other personal information to identify a specific natural person's identity, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify this type of personal information. During the period of combined use, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
4. To provide you with goods or services
(1) Sharing and Posting of Personal Information: When you use the Youdao Premium Course service, upload and/or post personal information, and engage in related activities (such as posting questions, speaking in class/learning groups, receiving rewards from Xuebei, and evaluating courses), we will collect the personal information you upload, post, or form, and have the right to display your nickname, avatar, and posted content.
(2) Delivery of goods or services: When you place an order for a specific product or service in our products or services, we will generate an order for you to purchase that product or service through the system. Some of the course services of Youdao Premium Course will send you accompanying materials. In order to facilitate the delivery of goods or services to you, you may need to provide the recipient's personal identification information, name, shipping address, postal code, recipient, contact phone number, and payment status information. If you refuse to provide such personal information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services. If you order goods or services for others through Youdao Premium Course Service, you need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser. Before providing us with the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorized consent. When you use the Youdao premium course service, we will record your personal learning information: your current learning stage, course learning progress, intelligent practice results, and learning duration. We will use this personal information to analyze your learning status and provide reference for you or for optimizing our services.
(3) To complete order payment, deliver goods or services, confirm transaction status, and provide after-sales and dispute resolution services to you, we will collect your account, order, transaction, payment, and logistics information related to the transaction progress through the trading partner, payment institution, and logistics company selected by you based on the exchange, or share your transaction information with the above service providers.
(4) Order Management: In order to display your account's order personal information and protect your after-sales rights, Youdao Premium Course will collect your order personal information, transaction and consumption records, virtual property personal information (including Youdao Premium Course learning coins, Xuebei) generated during the use of Youdao Premium Course for display to you and to facilitate your order management.
(5) Customer service and after-sales service: When you contact our customer service or use other user response functions (including submitting sales and after-sales applications, personal information protection complaints or suggestions, other customer complaints and demands), we may require you to provide necessary personal information to match and verify your user identity in order to ensure the security of your account and system. We may also keep your contact information (the other contact information you used when contacting us or provided to us voluntarily), your communication/call records and content with us, and other necessary information related to your needs, in order to contact you or assist you in resolving issues, or record the solutions and results of related issues.
5. We collect your personal information indirectly:
Based on the Youdao premium course service you have chosen to use, we may obtain relevant information authorized for sharing from affiliated parties and third-party partners. For example, when you log in to the Youdao Premium Course service using a third-party platform account, we will obtain relevant information under your authorization (including username, nickname, avatar, subject to your authorized content), and bind your third-party account with your Youdao Premium Course account after you agree to this policy, so that you can directly log in and use this service through your third-party account. We will collect and use your information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and based on agreements with related parties or third-party partners, and on the premise that we are confident that the information provided by them is from a legitimate source.
6. Provide you with information display and push of goods or services
(1) Show and push products or services to you
-Turn off personalized course recommendations. After closure, we will no longer recommend personalized content to you and provide corresponding services based on the "learning stage" you have selected. You can change the selected content for the "learning stage" at any time.
To identify abnormal account status, understand product compatibility, and provide you with basic services such as browsing and searching, we may directly or indirectly collect and store information about the services you use and how you use them, and associate this information, including log information and device information. Please note that individual log information and device information cannot identify the identity of a natural person.
We may also send marketing messages to you via email, text message, phone or other means based on feature tags, providing or promoting our or third-party products and services as follows:
Our and our affiliates' products and services, including online education services, language translation services, speech recognition and synthesis development platform services, intelligent hardware services, cloud application services, e-commerce, instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social networking services, payment services, application software and services, data management software and services, online advertising services, and other social media, entertainment, information, and communication software and services; and
Third party goods and services, including: Internet services, logistics services, banking and financial services, entertainment, books and other publication services, online advertising services, points and incentive plans, and other goods and services that we think may be relevant to you.
(2) We are sending you a notification. For the contact information (such as mobile phone number) provided by you during the use of the service, we may issue service related notifications to you during operation
Used for user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, and other purposes. In addition, we may also send you services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to continue receiving our push messages, you can request us to stop pushing, for example, by following the SMS unsubscribe guidelines to stop sending promotional messages, or by setting up your mobile device to no longer receive our push messages; Except in cases where we send messages in accordance with legal regulations or service agreements.
7. To provide you with security protection
In order to improve the security of your use of our and our partners' services, protect your or other users' or the public's personal and property safety from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or related agreement rules of Youdao premium course services, we may collect, use or integrate your account information, transaction information, device information, log information, as well as personal information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or shared in accordance with the law, to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detection and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
To fully understand the personal information we obtain from users, you can choose to view the "List of Personal Information Collection and Use for Youdao Premium Courses" posted on the webpage.
We encourage guardians to be aware that minors are using Youdao premium courses. If you are under the age of fourteen, please notify your guardian to read and accept our agreement together
And seek their consent and guidance before using Youdao's premium course services or submitting personal information.
Northwest Wangdong Road, Haidian District, Beijing
Beijing NetEase Youdao Computer System Co., Ltd
Personal Information Protection Officer (Recipient), Postal Code:
Effective Date:
The products and services provided by 'Youdao Premium Course'! Youdao Excellent Course
We are created and operated by Beijing NetEase Youdao Computer System Co., Ltd,
Our registered address is: Xibeiwang East Road, Haidian District, Beijing
We deeply understand the importance of personal information to you, and we solemnly promise to protect the use of our products and services (hereinafter referred to as
The personal information and privacy security of users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") of the "Youdao Premium Course Service". When you use Youdao Premium Course Services, we may collect and use your relevant personal information (or "personal information").
We hope to explain to you through this policy the corresponding processing rules when collecting and using your personal information, as well as the ways we provide you with access, correction, deletion, and protection of this personal information, in order to better protect your rights.
Mobile phone number, and you can voluntarily choose to fill in your
Nickname, avatar, shipping address, course reminder phone number, grade level, recipient name, recipient contact information, etc
Basic information and set login password.
If you only need to browse and learn about Youdao premium courses, you do not need to register an account or provide the above information.
If you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functions of using Youdao Premium Course
In order for us to provide you with complete Youdao premium course services, you need to provide basic registration or login information, including
Register and log in with your phone number or provide a third-party account to log in to Youdao Premium Course
. If you only need to use basic services such as browsing and searching, you do not need to register as a Youdao premium course user and provide the above personal information.
It will help us provide you with personalized recommendations and a better service experience, but if you do not provide this personal information, it will not affect the basic functions of using Youdao's premium course services.
According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, or when you contact us, our customer service or after-sales may
We need you to provide real identity information（
Name, ID card, contact information
Verify your identity in order to assist you with any issues, or record the solutions and results of related issues
Maintain the normal operation of basic functions
During your use of our services, in order to identify abnormal account status and understand product compatibility, we provide you with browsing, searching, and registering services
/Basic services for logging in, viewing and editing personal information, purchasing courses and classes, practice rooms, mailing, payment, and balance recharge, and maintaining the normal operation of basic functions (such as under the eye protection function, in order to easily recognize your learning posture, remind you of the learning time, and enable automatic switching between horizontal and vertical screens when watching videos, acceleration sensor information needs to be collected; such as collecting your Android data under the Android system)
, is a unique identifier used for statistical analysis and differentiation of user devices, in order to provide you with data statistics services,
We may automatically collect, store, and associate information about the services and usage methods you use, including:
The log information includes
）At this time, we will collect your personal information uploaded, posted, or formed, and have the right to display your nickname, avatar, and posted content.
When you place an order for a specific product or service in our products or services, we will generate an order for you to purchase that product or service through the system.
Recipient's personal identification information, name, shipping address, postal code, recipient, contact phone number, payment status information
. If you refuse to provide such personal information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services. If you order goods or services for others through Youdao Premium Course Service, you need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser.
To complete order payments, deliver goods or services, confirm transaction status, and provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services,
We will collect information related to your transaction progress through the trading partners, payment institutions, and logistics companies selected by you based on the exchange
Account, order, transaction, payment, logistics information
, or share your transaction information with the aforementioned service providers
）Order management:
To display your account's order personal information and protect your after-sales rights,
Order personal information
Transaction and consumption records, virtual property personal information (including
Used to showcase to you and facilitate your order management.
）
Customer service and after-sales service:
We may need you to provide necessary personal information to match and verify your user identity
Based on the Youdao premium course service you have chosen to use, we may obtain relevant information authorized for sharing from affiliated parties and third-party partners. For example, when you log in to the Youdao Premium Course service using a third-party platform account, we will obtain relevant information under your authorization (including username, nickname, avatar, subject to your authorized content),
We will collect and use your information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and based on agreements with related parties or third-party partners, and on the premise that we are confident that the information provided by them is from a legitimate source.
Provide you with information display and push of goods or services
Based on the information you provide to us, the information we may collect, and the information we indirectly collect from you (including
Your browsing and search history, device information, location information, order information, mobile phone number, and personal information on the questionnaire survey you filled out for participating in Youdao Premium Course online or offline activities
We may conduct recommendation algorithm modeling, user behavior analysis, and user profiling based on a combination of one or more of the above information to extract your
Browsing, search preferences, behavioral habits, location information
To provide you with security protection
User Experience Improvement Plan
We hope to provide you with products and services that are comprehensive, so we will continuously improve our products and services. We may use the personal information collected through Youdao Premium Course Services to diagnose system issues and optimize product experience
The personal information collected from you when using Youdao Premium Course Services may be used in our other services to provide you with specific content or display information related to you that is not commonly pushed; We may ask you to participate in surveys about Youdao's premium course services to help us improve existing services or design new ones; Meanwhile, we may use your personal information for software updates.
If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned, we will obtain your consent through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, or other means in accordance with the law. During this process, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 of this policy on how to contact us.
9. Other uses
You understand and agree that after collecting your personal information, we may use technical means to de identify the data, and the de identified information will not be able to identify your identity. In this case, we have the right to use the de identified information to analyze and commercialize the user database without obtaining your consent separately.
Please note that if we want to use your personal information for purposes not specified in this policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned, we will ask for your consent in advance (confirmation of consent can be done by checking, pop ups, internal messages, emails, SMS). Once you agree, such additional uses will be considered part of this policy, and such additional personal information will also be subject to this policy.
Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws and regulations, collecting your personal information in the following situations does not require your authorization and consent:
(1) Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
(2) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(5) For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
(6) The personal information involved is disclosed by the personal information subject to the public on their own;
(7) Necessary for signing and fulfilling contracts according to the requirements of the personal information subject;
(8) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(9) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as discovering and handling product or service failures;
You understand and agree that the Youdao Premium Course Service may require you to grant specific access permissions on your device to enable the collection and use of personal information related to these permissions,
When you need to turn off this feature, most mobile devices will support your request. Please refer to or contact the service provider or manufacturer of your mobile device for specific methods. Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect your use of other authorized functions, as well as the collection and use of personal information based on your authorization.
In order to achieve quick login with NetEase Pass, the information provided by you in Youdao Premium Course will be synchronized to the NetEase email account security center.
12. Explanation on Self Startup
When you use Youdao Boutique after class and exit the application, based on the following basic purposes and functions, and after you agree to this privacy policy, we may perform self activation within a reasonable frequency range after you exit Youdao Boutique after class:
(1) To avoid not receiving important messages in a timely manner, we have integrated the Xiaomi Push SDK for completing class notifications and course update notification services. If you do not agree with this, you can turn off push notifications in Youdao Premium Course Settings - Message Notifications.
(2) In order to achieve accurate judgment of the operating environment, optimize network scheduling, and confirm user network status, in order to enable users to use product services normally. If you do not agree with this, you may not be able to use the Youdao Premium Course product services normally.
13. Tips on Personal Sensitive Information
Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The personal information provided by you or collected by us above may include your sensitive personal information
Information, including bank account numbers, transaction and consumption records, virtual property information, system accounts, email addresses and their related passwords, phone numbers, web browsing records, and location information. Please be cautious and pay attention to personal sensitive information. You agree that we may process your personal sensitive information in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this policy.
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
（1） COOKIES
We or our third-party partners may obtain and use your personal information through COOKIES, and store such personal information as log information.
By using COOKIES, we provide you with a simple and personalized online experience. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to benefit you. For example, to make the login process for Youdao Premium Course faster, you can choose to store your username in a COOKIES folder. This way, it will be more convenient and efficient for you to log in to the Youdao Premium Course service next time. COOKIES can help us determine the pages and content you connect to, the time you spend on specific Youdao premium course services, and the Youdao premium course services you choose.
COOKIES enable us to serve you better and faster, and make your experience with Youdao premium course services more personalized. However, you should be able to control whether and how cookies are accepted by your browser. Please refer to the file attached to your browser for more personal information in this regard.
We and third-party partners may collect and use your personal information through COOKIES, and store such personal information.
We use our own cookies, which may be used for the following purposes:
(1) Remember your identity. COOKIES help us identify you as our registered user, or store your preferences or other personal information provided to us;
(2) Analyze your usage of our services. We can use COOKIES to understand what activities you are using Youdao's premium course services for, or which services or services are most popular;
There may be COOKIES or similar technologies placed with other partners in Youdao's premium course services. These cookies or similar technologies may collect non personally identifiable information related to you for the purpose of analyzing how users use such services. These third-party cookies or similar technologies that collect and use such personal information are not subject to this policy, but are subject to their own personal information protection statements, and we are not responsible for third-party cookies or similar technologies.
You can refuse or manage cookies or similar technologies through browser or user selection mechanisms. However, please note that if you disable COOKIES or similar technologies, we may not be able to provide you with the best service experience that meets your needs or is age appropriate, and some services may also not function properly.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on our website. The email we send you may contain an address link to our website content. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and proactively improve our customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
3、 Personal information that we may share, transfer or disclose
（1） Sharing
You agree that we may share your personal information with our affiliates or related legal entities, as well as some business partners who cooperate with us (collectively referred to as "information recipients") in accordance with this policy. We will actively assist you in understanding the storage and use of personal information by the information recipient, as well as your rights to access, correct, delete, and cancel accounts. We will not share your personal information with any third party other than the recipient without your consent, except in the following circumstances:
1. The sharing necessary to implement our services/functions. We may share your personal information with the information recipient to achieve the core functions or provide the services you need, including (1) providing corresponding order information to logistics service providers; (2) Share corresponding transaction order information and payment amount information with third-party payment institutions that provide payment services; (3) The sharing required by other suppliers, service providers, and business partners related to our services/features.
2. Necessary sharing with some of our partners. In order to facilitate the smooth operation of necessary/reasonable business, meet your requirements, fulfill our obligations in relevant user agreements or this policy, and exercise our rights or comply with legal regulations, we may need to share your information with some partners, including: (1) sharing log information and device information with partners who provide data services (including data statistics, data analysis, etc.); (2) Share statistical data on your product usage (such as crashes and crashes) with partners who provide product analysis services (including application crash analysis, network performance analysis, domain name resolution optimization); (3) Necessary sharing with some of our partners.
3. Necessary sharing with our affiliates. In order for us to provide you with consistent services based on a unified account system, as well as for you to manage, personalize recommendations, ensure system and account security, etc., your personal information may be necessary shared between us and our affiliates, including: (1) to help you save time and simplify the operation process, you can log in to some services without registering again after registering our NetEase mobile account/email account, and your account related information will be necessary shared within our and our affiliates' products; (2) In order to ensure consistency and personalization of your browsing, advertising, and other services in our and our affiliated products and/or services
You acknowledge and agree that your account information, device information, related browsing data, and other information reflecting your usage habits and preferences may be shared with our affiliates.
4. To achieve the purpose described in the first article of this policy, "How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information";
5. Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights under this policy or other agreements we have reached with you;
6. Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, we may exchange personal information with other companies and organizations in order to comply with the law, safeguard the interests, property or safety of us, our affiliates or partners, you or other Youdao premium course users, or the general public, such as to prevent illegal activities such as fraud and reduce credit risks. However, this does not include the sale, rental, sharing, or other disclosure of personal information for profit purposes in violation of the commitments made in this policy.
7. Assist in resolving disputes or controversies between you and others based on your legitimate needs;
8. Provide your personal information at the lawful request of your guardian;
9. Provided in accordance with the service agreement signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
10. Provided based on academic research;
11. Provided based on social and public interests that comply with laws and regulations.
We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Transfer
1. As our business continues to grow, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will require new companies or organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
2. After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties.
（3） Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with industry standard security measures in place:
1. According to your needs, disclose the personal information you have specified in the disclosure method that you have explicitly agreed to;
2. In cases where it is necessary to provide your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your personal information based on the required type and disclosure method. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request to disclose personal information as mentioned above, we will require the recipient to provide corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that the personal information requested from us should be kept as transparent as possible within the scope permitted by law. We have carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they have legal basis and are limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legitimate rights.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, disclosing personal information, or obtaining copies of personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
1. Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
2. Related to national security and defense security;
3. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
6. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
7. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
According to legal regulations, sharing and transferring personal information that has undergone de identification processing, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot recover and re identify the personal information subject, does not constitute external sharing, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information. The storage and processing of such data will not require separate notification to you and your consent.
4、 How do we store and protect the security of your personal information
（1） Unless otherwise required by laws, regulations, or regulatory authorities, we only store your personal information for the purposes stated in this policy and for the shortest possible period of time. For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. We will anonymize the user behavior logs involved in the high-quality course service. Our criteria for determining the aforementioned deadline include:
1. Complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services provided by the platform to you;
3. Do you agree to a longer retention period;
4. Are there any other special agreements regarding retention periods;
5. The deadline stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities.
If we terminate our services or operations, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting your personal information. At the same time, we will comply with relevant laws and regulations and notify you in advance. We will delete or anonymize your personal information after the necessary period for the purposes stated in this policy, the expiration of the time limit required by laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, or after terminating our operational services, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations, or regulatory authorities.
（2） The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China. Except for the following situations:
1. There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
2. Obtain your authorization and consent;
3. The products and services you are using involve cross-border transactions, and we need to provide your personal information to overseas parties.
In response to the above situation, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this policy and national laws and regulations.
（3） We attach great importance to personal information security and have established a dedicated security team to take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information
1. Data security technical measures
We will adopt security measures that comply with industry standards, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies
To prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information, and to avoid data damage or loss. Network services adopt various encryption technologies. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect your personal information, encrypt and store your personal information, and isolate it through isolation technology. When using personal information, such as displaying personal information and calculating personal information associations, we will use various data anonymization techniques to enhance the security of personal information during use. Adopting strict data access control and multi factor authentication technology to protect personal information and prevent data from being used in violation of regulations.
2. Other security measures we take to protect personal information
(1) We manage and standardize the storage and use of personal information by establishing a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards.
(2) We implement comprehensive security controls on data through confidentiality agreements for personal information contacts, monitoring and auditing mechanisms.
(3) We will also hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness and security consciousness of the importance of protecting personal information.
(4) We only allow employees and partners of us and our affiliates who need to know this personal information to access your personal information, and have established strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. If these obligations are not fulfilled, legal responsibility may be pursued or our cooperation relationship may be suspended.
3. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the way of communication with other users such as email, instant messaging, social software or other service software cannot be determined whether it is fully encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and pay attention to protecting your personal information security.
4. We will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any personal information you send to us. If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of personal information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
（4） Security incident handling
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will also promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, SMS, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Please understand that due to technological limitations and risk prevention limitations, even if we have tried our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of personal information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access the Youdao premium course service may encounter issues due to situations beyond our control.
5、 How to manage your personal information
We encourage you to update and modify your personal information to make it more accurate and effective. We also ask for your understanding that your decision to correct, delete, revoke authorization, or stop using Youdao Premium Course services does not affect our previous personal information processing based on your authorization.
You can manage your personal information through the following methods:
（1） Accessing your personal information
1. Basic personal information: You can log in to your mobile client account and access your basic personal information (including profile picture, nickname, shipping address, and course reminder phone number) by logging in to "Youdao Premium Course" - "Account" - "Personal Information".
2. Search History: You can access your search history by logging in to "Youdao Premium Course" - "Discover" - click on the search box.
3. Order personal information: You can view the status of all your orders by logging in to "Youdao Premium Course" - "Account" - "My Orders", and view the personal information of all your group buying orders through "My Group Buying".
4. Account Coupons: You can log in to "Youdao Premium Course" - "Account" - "Xuebei Mall/" Coupons "to view your Xuebei quantity and coupons respectively.
5. Growth Profile: You can view your exam performance analysis report by logging in to "Youdao Premium Course" - "Account" - "Growth Profile".
（2） Correct your personal information
If you wish to edit your personal basic information in your account (including avatar, nickname, shipping address, phone number), you can log in to your account and modify it by logging in to the "Youdao Premium Course APP" - "Account" - "Personal Information".
（3） Delete your personal information
You can independently delete some basic personal information (including shipping address, course reminder phone number) from your account by logging in to the "Youdao Premium Course APP" - "Account" - "Personal Information", or contact us through the contact information specified in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this policy. When some personal information is deleted, we may require you to verify your identity to ensure the security of your personal information. You can also delete your search history by logging into the "Youdao Premium Course APP" - "Discover" - click on the search box.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your authorization and consent;
3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
4. If we no longer provide you with high-quality course services.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible, requesting them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
（4） Change the scope of your authorized consent
You can always choose whether to disclose personal information. Some personal information is necessary for using Youdao's premium course services, but the provision of most other personal information is up to you to decide. You can delete personal information, close
If you change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information by disabling device functions, canceling accounts, or contacting us through the contact information specified in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this policy to withdraw your authorization, we will generally respond within fifteen days.
After you revoke your authorization, we are unable to continue providing you with the services corresponding to the revocation of authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization. （5） Cancel your account: If you no longer use the Youdao Premium Course service and meet the conditions stipulated in the service agreement and relevant national laws and regulations, you can log in to "Youdao Premium Course" - "Account" - "Settings" - "Account Center" - "Cancel/Delete Account" to submit a cancellation application for your Youdao Premium Course account. For the method of account cancellation and the conditions you should meet, please refer to the "Account Cancellation Notice" on the "Account Cancellation" page.
After the cancellation of your Youdao Premium Course account, we will cease to provide you with Youdao Premium Course services and, at your request, delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
（6） Public and Sharing
Our multiple services allow you to publicly share your relevant information not only with your social network, but also with all users who use the service. If you disclose your personal information in the public areas visible to other users in the Youdao Premium Course service, or in your responses to information uploaded or published by others, such personal information may be collected and used by others. As long as you do not delete the personal information you disclose or share, the relevant personal information may remain in the public domain; Even if you delete shared personal information, it may still be independently cached, copied, or stored by other users or third parties beyond our control, or kept in the public domain by other users or such third parties. If you disclose or share your personal information through the above channels, resulting in the leakage of your personal information, we will not be held responsible. Therefore, we remind and ask you to carefully consider whether to disclose or share your personal information through the above channels. When you discover that someone has improperly collected or used your personal information, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this policy.
（7） Get a copy of your personal information: You can log in to the "Youdao Premium Course APP - Account - Customer Service Hotline" or email【 youdao_kecheng@163.com 】The service channel contacted us and informed us that you would like to obtain a copy of your personal information. Generally, we will reply within fifteen days from the date of receiving your question.
（8） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
1. Related to our obligations under laws and regulations;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. We have sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
7. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
8. Involving trade secrets.
6、 Third party services
Youdao premium course services may be linked to social media or other services provided by third parties (including websites or other forms of services). include:
（1） You can use the "Share" button to share certain Youdao premium course service content with third-party services, or you can share third-party service content with Youdao premium course services. These features may collect your information (including your log information) and may install cookies on your computer to enable the normal operation of the aforementioned functions;
（2） We provide you with links through advertising or other means of our services, allowing you to link to third-party services or websites;
（3） Other situations of accessing third-party services. To achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access SDKs or other similar applications provided by third-party service providers and share some of the information we collect about you in accordance with this policy with such third-party service providers in order to provide better customer service and user experience. At present, the third-party service providers we access mainly include the following types:
(1) Used for advertising related services, including advertising display, advertising data monitoring/statistics, etc;
(2) Used for message push functions, including push notifications from mobile phone manufacturers, specific event reminders, etc;
(3) Used for payment related services, including order payment, transaction behavior verification, income settlement, payment information summary and statistics, etc;
(4) Used to obtain device location permissions, collect device information and log information with your consent;
(5) Used for third-party authorization services, including third-party account login, sharing relevant content to third-party products, etc;
(6) Used to support product functional modules, including online live streaming, video playback, voice recognition, intelligent customer service, content storage, etc;
You can click
View and understand your permission name, type, acquisition scenario, and purpose information obtained by Youdao Premium Course Service.
Explanation on Self Starting
Based on the following basic purposes and functions,
We may perform self activation within a reasonable frequency range after you exit Youdao Boutique
Important news, such as
We have connected to Xiaomi Push
Used to complete class notification and course update notification services.
If you do not agree with this, you can take the Youdao Premium Course
-Turn off push notifications.
In order to achieve accurate judgment of the operating environment, optimize network scheduling, and confirm user network status, in order to enable users to use product services normally.
If you do not agree with this, you may not be able to use the Youdao Premium Course product services normally.
Tips on sensitive personal information
We or our third-party partners may use
We may collaborate with third-party partners through
We use our own
You can refuse or manage through browser or user selection mechanism
Suitable for their needs or age appropriate
Service experience, some services may also not function properly.
Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition, we will also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on the website. The email we send you may contain an address link to our website content. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and proactively improve our customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
You agree that we may, in accordance with this policy, provide assistance to our affiliates or related legal entities, as well as some business partners (collectively referred to as
The 'information recipient' shares your personal information. We will actively assist you in understanding the storage and use of personal information by the information recipient, as well as your rights to access, correct, delete, and cancel accounts. We will not share your personal information with any third party other than the recipient without your consent, except in the following circumstances:
The sharing that must be carried out by functional suppliers, service providers, and business partners.
Necessary sharing with some of our partners.
/For the smooth operation of reasonable business, meeting your requirements, fulfilling our obligations in relevant user agreements or this policy, exercising our rights, or complying with legal regulations, we may need to share your information with some partners, including: (1) sharing with partners who provide data services (including data statistics, data analysis, etc.)
Log information and device information;
Statistical data on the usage of your product, such as crashes and crashes;
Necessary sharing with our affiliates.
In order for us to provide you with consistent services based on a unified account system, as well as to facilitate your unified management, personalized recommendations, system and account security, your personal information may be necessary shared between us and our affiliates, including:（
You do not need to register again to log in to some services after obtaining an account. Your account related information will be shared as necessary within our products and those of our affiliates; （
Account information, device information, related browsing data, and other information that reflects your usage habits and preferences may be shared with our affiliates.
To fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights under this policy or other agreements we have reached with you;
Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, we may exchange personal information with other companies and organizations in order to comply with the law, safeguard the interests, property, or safety of us, our affiliates or partners, you or other Youdao premium course users, or the public, such as to prevent illegal activities such as fraud and reduce credit risks. however
This does not include the sale, rental, sharing, or other disclosure of personal information for profit purposes in violation of the commitments made in this policy.
To assist in resolving disputes or controversies between you and others in accordance with your legitimate needs;
Provide your personal information at the lawful request of your guardian;
Provided in accordance with the service agreement signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
Provided based on academic research;
Provided based on social public interests that comply with laws and regulations.
As our business continues to grow, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions.
We will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise
We will request the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
In cases where it is necessary to provide your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your personal information based on the required type and disclosure method. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request to disclose personal information as mentioned above, we will require the recipient to provide corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that the personal information requested from us should be kept as transparent as possible within the scope permitted by law. We have carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they have legal basis and are limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legitimate rights.
Related to national security and defense security;
Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment execution;
For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
We only store your personal information as necessary and for the shortest period of time for the purposes stated in this policy.
For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. We will anonymize the user behavior logs involved in the high-quality course service. Our criteria for determining the aforementioned deadline include:
If we terminate our services or operations, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting your personal information and comply with relevant laws and regulations to notify you in advance
You shall notify, and after the expiration of the necessary period, legal regulations, and regulatory requirements for the purposes stated in this policy, or
Termination of operational services for you
Personal information shall be deleted or anonymized, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities.
We will adopt security measures that comply with industry standards, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information
To avoid data damage or loss. Network services adopt various encryption technologies. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect your personal information, encrypt and store your personal information, and isolate it through isolation technology. When using personal information, such as displaying personal information and calculating personal information associations, we will use various data anonymization techniques to enhance the security of personal information during use. Adopting strict data access control and multi factor authentication technology to protect personal information and prevent data from being used in violation of regulations.
We only allow employees and partners of us and our affiliates who need to know this personal information to access your personal information, and have established strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. If these obligations are not fulfilled, legal responsibility may be pursued or our cooperation relationship may be suspended.
The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the way of communication with other users such as e-mail, instant messaging, social software or other service software cannot be determined whether it is fully encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and pay attention to protecting your personal information security.
We will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any personal information you send to us. If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of personal information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
We encourage you to update and modify your personal information to make it more accurate and effective, and we hope you understand,
You can manage your personal information through the following methods:
Search history: You can log in by
Youdao Premium Course "-" Discovery "- Click on the search box to access your search history.
Order personal information: You can log in through
View the status of all your orders through "Youdao Premium Course" - "Account" - "My Orders" and view your personal information for all your group orders through "My Group".
Account voucher: You can log in by
View your Xuebei quantity and coupons separately under "Youdao Premium Course" - "Account" - "Xuebei Mall/" Coupons ".
If you wish to edit the basic personal information in your account (including avatar, nickname, shipping address, phone number), you can log in to your account by logging in
Youdao Excellent Course A
”-Modify "Account" - "Personal Information".
Delete your personal information
”-"Account" - "Personal Information" to independently delete some basic personal information from your account (including shipping address, course reminder phone number) or
Contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this policy
. When some personal information is deleted, we may require you to verify your identity to ensure the security of your personal information. You can also log in through
”-Discovery - Click on the search box to delete your search history.
You can always choose whether to disclose personal information. Some personal information is necessary for using Youdao's premium course services, but the provision of most other personal information is up to you to decide. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information by deleting personal information, disabling device functions, or logging out of your account
Please contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 of this policy to withdraw your authorization. Generally, we will respond within fifteen days.
After you revoke your authorization, we are unable to continue providing you with the services corresponding to the revocation of authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
If you no longer use the Youdao Premium Course service, and meet the conditions stipulated in the service agreement and relevant national laws and regulations, you may
Settings - Account Center-“
Our multiple services allow you to publicly share your relevant information not only with your social network, but also with all users who use the service.
If you disclose your personal information in the public areas visible to other users in the Youdao Premium Course service, or in your responses to information uploaded or published by others, such personal information may be collected and used by others. As long as you do not delete the personal information you disclose or share, the relevant personal information may remain in the public domain; Even if you delete shared personal information, it may still be independently cached, copied, or stored by other users or third parties beyond our control, or kept in the public domain by other users or such third parties. If you disclose or share your personal information through the above channels, resulting in the leakage of your personal information, we will not be held responsible. Therefore, we remind and ask you to carefully consider whether to disclose or share your personal information through the above channels. When you discover that someone has improperly collected or used your personal information, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 10 [How to Contact Us] of this policy.
Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
The "Share" button allows you to share certain Youdao premium course service content with third-party services, or you can share third-party service content with Youdao premium course services. These features may collect your information (including your log information) and may install cookies on your computer to enable the normal operation of the aforementioned functions;
To achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access third-party service providers' services
To provide better customer service and user experience.
Currently, the third party we are connected to
Service providers mainly include the following types
Part of the third-party services we access
We will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of collecting personal information through such third-party services, require them to take protective measures for your personal information, and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements.
Get to know the third parties we primarily connect with
Similar applications
You can also choose to use this policy
Please contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section, and we will provide you with an answer as soon as possible.
As mentioned above, the service is operated by relevant third parties. Your use of such third-party services (including any personal information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third party's own terms of service and personal information protection statement (not this policy), and you need to carefully read its terms. We will only share your information for legitimate, necessary, and specific purposes. We will require them to fulfill relevant confidentiality obligations and take corresponding security measures.
7、 Protection of Minors
If you are a minor under the age of 18, please ensure that your guardian carefully reads this policy and uses our services or provides personal information to us with the consent of your guardian. We will protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. If the guardian discovers that the personal information of the relevant minor is filled in by the minor themselves and needs to be modified or deleted, please feel free to contact us at any time.
Specifically, if you are a child under the age of 14, please notify your guardian to jointly read and accept our "Youdao Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice", and seek their consent and guidance before using Youdao's premium course services or submitting personal information.
8、 Notification and Revision
In order to provide you with better service, we may modify the terms of this policy in a timely manner based on the updates of Youdao Premium Course services and relevant legal requirements. Such modifications constitute a part of this policy. We will announce any changes made to this policy on this page. For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including website announcements, push notifications, pop-up prompts, or other means). The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure have undergone significant changes;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. There have been significant changes in the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security;
6. Other important or potentially serious situations that may affect your personal rights occur.
Any modifications we make will prioritize your satisfaction. We encourage you to review our privacy policy every time you use the Youdao Premium Course service.
9、 Legal Application and Jurisdiction
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China (excluding conflict of laws). When any content of this agreement conflicts with the laws of the People's Republic of China, the legal provisions shall prevail, and the relevant content shall be modified or reinterpreted in accordance with the legal provisions, while the legal effect of other parts of this agreement shall remain unchanged.
Any disputes arising from or related to this agreement shall be resolved through consultation between the parties. When negotiation fails, either party may bring a lawsuit to the people's court with jurisdiction over the defendant's location.
10、 How to contact us
We have established a dedicated department for personal information protection
And the person in charge of personal information protection
If you have any complaints or reports regarding personal information security, or if you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this policy, your personal information, or any other related matters
The issue of privacy measures
Please contact us
We will receive your questions, opinions, or suggestions upon receipt
And will be processed within fifteen days after verifying your user identity
If you are not satisfied with our handling, you can also file a complaint or report to the department responsible for personal information protection.
