Effective date of this version: August 1, 2023
[Preface] Youdao Cloud Notebook (referring to Youdao Cloud Notebook website and client programs, mobile application products, WeChat official account, and applet, hereinafter collectively referred to as "Youdao Cloud Notebook" or "we") has always solemnly promised to protect the personal information and privacy security of users (hereinafter collectively referred to as "users" or "you") who use Youdao Cloud Notebook Service. When you use the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, we may collect and use your relevant personal information. We hope to explain to you through the "Youdao Cloud Note Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") the corresponding processing rules when we collect and use your personal information, as well as the ways we provide you with access, correction, deletion, and protection of this personal information, in order to better protect your rights and interests.
【 Special Reminder 】 Please read and understand this policy carefully before using Youdao Cloud Note taking service (minors should read it with the accompaniment of a guardian), especially the bolded content. Once you start using or continue to use our products or services after we update this policy, it means that you agree to this policy (including updated versions) and agree to us collecting, using, storing, sharing, transferring, and disclosing your relevant personal information in accordance with this policy (including updated versions). If you do not agree with the content of this policy, it may cause the Youdao Cloud Note taking service to malfunction or fail to achieve the service effect we intend to achieve. You should immediately stop accessing/using the Youdao Cloud Note taking service. Users under the age of 18 are also subject to the "Youdao Cloud Notes Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice for Minors".
The Youdao Cloud Note taking service is also subject to the NetEase Group Privacy Policy. If this policy is inconsistent with similar provisions in the "NetEase Group Privacy Policy" and "Youdao Cloud Note Service Terms", this policy shall prevail.
After reading this policy, if you have any questions about this policy or matters related to this policy, you can contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
3、 Personal information that we may share, transfer, and disclose
4、 How do we store and protect personal information
5、 How to manage your personal information
6、 Third party services
7、 Protection of Minors
8、 Notification and Revision
9、 How to contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
We collect your personal information mainly for you and other users to use Youdao Cloud Note taking service more easily and satisfactorily. The goal of Youdaoyun Notes is to provide all Internet users with safe, interesting and instructive online experience, and this information will help us achieve this goal.
（1） We will collect and obtain your personal information through the following channels:
1. The information you provided. For example:
(1) The information you provide to us when registering for an account or using the Youdao Cloud Note Service;
(2) The shared information you provide to third parties through the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, as well as the information stored when you use the Youdao Cloud Note taking service.
Please note that if you disclose your information in the public areas visible to other users in the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, or in your responses to information uploaded or published by others, such information may be collected and used by others. When you discover that others are improperly collecting or using your information, you can contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy.
2. Your information shared by third parties. That is, the shared information about you provided by third parties when using Youdao Cloud Note Service.
3. We obtained your information. When you use Youdao Cloud Note taking service, we collect, summarize, and record information such as log information, location information, and device information.
（2） We will collect and use the following types of personal information from you for the following purposes:
Chapter on "How to Contact Us" in this policy
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. The information you provided. For example:
Please note that if you disclose your information in the public areas visible to other users in the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, or in your responses to information uploaded or published by others, such information may be collected and used by others. When you discover that others are improperly collecting or using your information, you can contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy.
If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned, we will obtain your consent through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, or other means in accordance with the law. Once you agree, such additional uses will be considered part of this policy, and such additional personal information will also be subject to this policy.
1. Help you complete registration and login
We need you to provide basic registration or login information, including phone number, email address, and create your account, username, and password.
(including your nickname, avatar, gender, region, and personal profile)
2. Implement identity authentication
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, or to meet the needs of user identity verification, system and service security, and other specific service functions (including sharing notes and commenting notes), we may require you to provide real identity information (such as name, ID card, mobile phone number) and other necessary identity information to complete identity authentication. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with the relevant functions and services.
For the purpose of identity authentication, you agree and authorize us to provide, query, and verify your aforementioned identity information to relevant identity authentication agencies (such as personal credit reporting agencies, government departments, etc.) on our own or by entrusting third parties.
Please note that your identity information, biometric information, and other sensitive personal information are provided with caution. If you refuse to provide them, you may not be able to access the relevant services, but it does not affect the normal use of other functions and services.
3. Maintain the normal operation of basic functions
We may either directly or
Indirectly collect, store, and correlate information about the services and usage methods you use, including:
(1) Log information: When you use our services (including backend operation status), we may automatically collect detailed usage information about our services as relevant network logs for storage. For example: your login account, search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, network environment, language used, visit date and time, browsing history of web pages visited, push opening history, dwell time, refresh history, publishing history, follow, subscribe, bookmark, and share.
(2) Device information: When you use our services (including backend operation status), we may receive and record information related to the device you are using. Including: device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, package name, device settings, process and software list, device identifier (IMEI/Android ID/OAID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI information), software and hardware feature information, device location related information (such as IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access point, Bluetooth, and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information). In order to collect the basic personal device information mentioned above, we will apply for permission to access your device information. We collect this information to provide you with our basic services and functions. Refusing to provide the above permission may result in you being unable to use the Youdao Cloud Notebook service.
Please note that individual device information and log information cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we combine this type of non personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify this type of personal information. During the period of combined use, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this policy.
4. To provide you with services
(1) When you use the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, upload and/or post information, and engage in related activities (such as entering and/or uploading voice or documents in the Youdao Cloud Note taking service), we will collect the information you upload, post, or form, and use your nickname, avatar, and post content for display. Please note that the information you publicly release may contain your personal information or sensitive personal information. Please consider carefully before publishing. If the information you post involves the personal information of others, you should obtain their consent before publishing.
We will access the content of your clipboard locally on the device
(3) When you use some advertising interaction functions (such as shaking), we will call your gyroscope sensor, accelerometer, and gravity sensor; When you use the camera function in Youdao Cloud Notes, we will call on your accelerometer to optimize the anti shake effect. Please understand that individual device sensor data does not involve any personal location information and cannot be combined with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person.
5. Assist you in placing an order, making payment, and delivering goods or services to you
(1) When you order specific products and/or services in Youdao Cloud Note Service, we will generate an order for you to purchase the products and/or services through the system. During the ordering process, you are required to provide at least the recipient's personal identification information, name, shipping address, postal code, recipient, contact phone number, and payment status information. If you refuse to provide such information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services. If you order goods or services for others through Youdao Cloud Note Service, you need to provide the aforementioned information of the actual purchaser. Before providing us with the aforementioned information of the actual purchaser, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorization and consent. When you use the specific recognition function of Youdao Cloud Note taking service, we will collect and store the image, text, and voice information you upload. Our relevant recognition program will process and analyze this data and return the corresponding text results.
(2) To show you the transaction information of your account and ensure transaction security, we will collect the information generated during your use of Youdao Cloud Note Service (such as the product or service information you purchased, specific order number, order creation time, transaction amount) for display to you and to facilitate your order management.
(3) To complete order payments, deliver goods or services, confirm transaction status, and provide after-sales and dispute resolution services to you, we will collect your account, order, transaction, payment, and logistics information related to the transaction progress through the trading partner, payment institution, logistics company, etc. selected by you based on the exchange, or share your transaction information with the above service providers.
6. Provide you with customer service or other user response functions
We may need you to provide necessary personal information to match and verify your user identity
7. We collect your personal information indirectly
And after you agree to this policy, bind your third-party account with your Youdao Cloud Note taking service account, so that you can directly log in and use Youdao Cloud Note taking service through the third-party account
8. Provide you with information display and push of goods or services
Based on the information you provide to us, the information we may collect, and the information we indirectly collect about you (such as your browsing and search history, device information, location information, order information, mobile phone number, and personal information from your participation in online or offline activities such as Youdao Cloud Notes questionnaire surveys), we may use a combination of one or more of the above information to model recommendation algorithms, program advertising recommendation algorithms, analyze user behavior, and create user profiles to extract features related to your browsing, search preferences, behavior habits, and location information, in order to provide you with page displays and personalized content recommendations that better meet your needs. We may also send you marketing messages, user surveys, or other methods based on feature tags via email, SMS, or other means to help us improve our Youdao Cloud Note taking service and provide or promote our/third-party products and services, including but not limited to:
Online education services, language translation services, voice recognition and speech synthesis development platform services, intelligent hardware services, cloud application services, e-commerce, instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social network services, payment services, Internet search services, location and map services, applications and services, data management software and services, online advertising services, Internet finance and other social media, entertainment, online games, e-commerce, information and communication software and services; And third-party goods and services, including but not limited to: Internet services, logistics services, banking and financial services, entertainment, book and other publication services, advertising services, points and incentive plans, food and catering, sports, music, movies, television, live performances and other arts and entertainment, books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories, jewelry, cosmetics, personal health and hygiene, electronics, collectibles, household utensils, appliances, home decoration and furnishings, pets, cars, hotels, transportation and tourism, banking, insurance and financial services, points and incentive plans, as well as other goods and services that we think may be related to you.
If you want to manage our personalized services, you can set them in My Settings Privacy and Security Personalized Services on Android or My Settings Personalized Services on iOS.
9. To provide you with security protection
In order to improve the security of your use of our and our partners' services, protect your or other users' or the public's personal and property safety from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or related agreement rules of Youdao Cloud Note Service, we may collect, use or integrate your account information, transaction information, device information, log information, as well as personal information obtained by our affiliated companies and partners with your authorization or shared in accordance with the law, to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detection and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
You understand and agree that after collecting your personal information, we will use technical means to de identify the data. The de identified personal information will not be able to identify your identity. In this case, we have the right to use the de identified personal information to analyze the user database and make commercial use of it.
10. You understand and agree that some individual services may require you to grant specific access permissions on your device to enable the collection and use of information related to these permissions. For example:
(1) If we access your location information, it is to associate it with Bluetooth for scanning and connecting to nearby cloud pen devices;
(2) If we access your camera, it is for you to use the document scanning function and take pictures to store in your notes through the camera;
(3) If we access your photo album, it is to enable you to access and upload photos, pictures, or videos from your device for avatar replacement or adding pictures to your notes;
(4) If we access your microphone, it is to enable you to create voice notes and use the voice note transcription function;
(5) You can upload video files using Youdao Cloud Note taking service. We will apply to access the video cache file to store and enable you to view uploaded and saved video files more smoothly;
(6) After you allow us to enable storage permissions, we can access your photos, media content, files, and other information for your convenience in sharing and storing your note information at any time;
(7) If you allow us to enable phone access (Android system), we will read mobile network information to identify network status, in order to support the function of "downloading offline cache only when connected to WIFI". At the same time, we will also read your device information for personalized advertising push. You can also proactively disable this permission in the settings;
(8) If you allow us to enable idfa ad tracking permission (iOS system), we will read device ad identifiers for personalized ad push. You can also proactively disable this permission in the settings.
When you need to disable any functional permissions, most mobile devices will support this requirement. Please refer to or contact the service provider or manufacturer of your mobile device for specific methods. Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the collection and use of personal information previously conducted based on your authorization.
11. Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws and regulations, collecting your information in the following situations does not require your authorization and consent:
(1) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
(5) The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(6) Necessary to sign and fulfill the contract according to your requirements;
(7) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(8) Necessary for conducting legitimate news reporting;
(9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
12. Tips on Personal Sensitive Information
Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The information provided by you or collected by us above may include your personal sensitive information, including name, ID number, consumption history, transaction information, web browsing history, and location information. Please be cautious and pay attention to sensitive personal information. You agree that we may process it for the purposes and in the manner described in this policy
Your personal sensitive information.
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
（1） COOKIES
We or our third-party partners may obtain and use your information through cookies or similar technologies, and store such information as log information.
By using COOKIES, we provide users with a simple and personalized online experience. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to benefit their users. For example, to make the login process of Youdao Cloud Notes virtual community faster, you can choose to store your username in a COOKIES folder. This way, it will be more convenient and efficient for you to log in to the Youdao Cloud Notes service next time. COOKIES can help us determine the pages and content you connect to, the time you spend on specific Youdao Cloud Note services, and the Youdao Cloud Note service you choose.
COOKIES enable us to serve you better and faster, and make your experience on Youdao Cloud Notes more personalized. However, you should be able to control whether and how cookies are accepted by your browser. Please refer to the file attached to your browser for more information on this matter.
We and third-party partners may collect and use your information through cookies or similar technologies, and store such information.
We use our own cookies or similar technologies, which may be used for the following purposes:
1. Remember your identity. For example, cookies or similar technologies help us identify you as our registered user, or store information you provide us about your preferences or other information;
2. Analyze your usage of our services. We can use COOKIES or similar technologies to understand what activities you are using Youdao Cloud Note taking services for, or which services are most popular;
3. Advertising optimization. COOKIES or similar technologies help us provide you with relevant advertisements based on your information, rather than conducting general advertising campaigns.
While using COOKIES or similar technologies for the above purposes, we may aggregate non personally identifiable information collected through COOKIES or similar technologies and provide it to advertisers and other partners for analysis of how you and other users use Youdao Cloud Note taking services and for advertising purposes.
There may be COOKIES or similar technologies placed by advertisers and other partners on Youdao Cloud Note Service. These cookies and/or similar technologies may collect non personally identifiable information related to you for the purpose of analyzing how users use such services, sending you advertisements that may interest you, or evaluating the effectiveness of advertising services. These third-party cookies or similar technologies that collect and use such information are not subject to this policy, but are subject to their own information protection statements, and we are not responsible for third-party cookies or similar technologies.
You can refuse or manage cookies or similar technologies through browser or user selection mechanisms. But please note that if you disable COOKIES or similar technologies, we may not be able to provide you with the best service experience, and some services may not function properly. Meanwhile, you will still receive advertisements, but their relevance to you will decrease.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on our website. The email we send you may contain an address link to our website content. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and proactively improve our customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
3、 Personal information that we may share, transfer, and disclose
（1） Sharing
We attach great importance to protecting your personal information. We will not share your personal information with any third party other than us and our affiliates without your consent, except in the following circumstances:
1. We offer our services to you. We may share your information with our partners and other third parties to enable the functionality of Youdao Cloud Note taking service, allowing you to use the services you need normally. For example, payment institutions that provide payment services, partners that provide data services (including online advertising monitoring, data statistics, and data analysis), and third-party logistics companies;
2. Maintain and improve our services. We may share your personal information with our partners and other third parties to help us provide you with more targeted and comprehensive services, such as communication service providers who send emails or push notifications on our behalf;
3. The purpose of sharing with third parties such as partners who entrust us with promotion is to enable them to understand the coverage and effectiveness of the promotion. For example, we can inform the client how many people have viewed their promotional information or purchased the client's products after seeing this information, or provide them with non personally identifiable statistical information to help them understand their audience or customers;
4. Necessary sharing with related parties. In order for us to provide you with consistent services based on a unified account system, as well as for you to manage, personalize recommendations, ensure system and account security, etc., your personal information may be necessary shared between us and our affiliates.
5. To achieve other purposes as described in the first article of this policy on "How We Collect and Use Personal Information";
6. Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights under this policy or other agreements we have reached with you;
7. Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, in order to comply with the law, safeguard the interests, property or safety of us and our affiliates or partners, you or other Youdao Cloud Note users, or the general public, such as to prevent illegal activities such as fraud and reduce credit risks
We may exchange information with other companies and organizations. However, this does not include information sold, rented, shared, or otherwise disclosed for profit in violation of the commitments made in this policy;
8. According to your legitimate needs or with your authorized consent;
9. Provide your information at the lawful request of your guardian;
10. Provided in accordance with the individual service agreement (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents agreed upon with you;
11. Provided based on academic research;
12. Provided based on social and public interests that comply with laws and regulations.
We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle the information in accordance with our instructions, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Transfer
1. As our business continues to grow, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions, and your information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will require new companies or organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
2. After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to third parties.
（3） Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with industry standard security measures in place:
1. According to your needs, disclose the information you have specified in the disclosure method that you have explicitly agreed to;
2. We may disclose your information based on the type and disclosure method required by laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement, or judicial requirements. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of the aforementioned information, we will require the recipient to provide corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that the information requested from us should be kept as transparent as possible within the limits permitted by law. We have carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they have legal basis and are limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legitimate rights.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or disclosing information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, or disclosing your information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
1. Directly related to national security and defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment execution;
4. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. Information that you disclose to the public on your own;
6. Collecting information from legally disclosed sources, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
7. Related to our obligations under laws and regulations.
According to legal provisions, sharing, transferring, and disclosing personal information that has undergone de identification processing, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot recover and re identify the information subject, does not constitute external sharing, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information. The storage and processing of such data will not require separate notification to you and your consent.
4、 How do we store and protect personal information
（1） Storage of personal information
Unless otherwise specified by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities, we will only store your personal information for the shortest period of time necessary for the purposes stated in this policy
The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China
1. There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
2. Obtain your authorization and consent;
3. The Youdao Cloud Notes service you are using involves cross-border transactions, and Youdao Cloud Notes needs to provide your personal information overseas.
In response to the above situation, we will ensure compliance with national laws and regulations and relevant regulatory authorities, and provide sufficient protection for your personal information.
（2） Protection of Personal Information
We attach great importance to information security and have established a dedicated security team to take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information
1. Data security technical measures
We will adopt security measures that comply with industry standards, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information, and to avoid data damage or loss.
Our service adopts various encryption technologies. For example, in some Youdao Cloud Note taking services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to encrypt and store your personal information, and isolate it through isolation technology to protect your personal information.
When using personal information, such as information display and information association calculation, we will use various data anonymization techniques to enhance the security of information during use.
We will also adopt strict data access control and multi factor authentication technology to protect personal information and prevent data from being used in violation of regulations.
2. Other security measures we take to protect personal information
We have an industry-leading data security management system centered around data lifecycle, which enhances the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions such as organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We manage and standardize the storage and use of personal information by establishing a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards.
We implement comprehensive security controls on data through information contact confidentiality agreements, monitoring, and auditing mechanisms.
We will also hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of security and their understanding of personal information protection policies and related regulations.
3. We only allow NetEase employees and partners who need to know this information to access your personal information, and have established strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. If these obligations are not fulfilled,
We may be held legally responsible or have our partnership terminated.
4. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the way of communication with other users such as e-mail, instant messaging, social software or other service software cannot be determined whether it is fully encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and pay attention to protecting your information security. When communicating with third parties or purchasing goods and services through Youdao Cloud Note Service, you inevitably need to disclose your information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your information properly and only provide it to others when necessary.
5. The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of the personal information you send us. If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of personal information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
6. Security incident handling
To address the potential risks of personal information leakage, damage, and loss, we have established multiple systems that clarify the classification and grading standards for security incidents and vulnerabilities, as well as corresponding processing procedures. We have also established an emergency response team for security incidents, which, in accordance with the requirements of security incident handling standards, initiates security plans for different security incidents, conducts stop loss, analysis, positioning, formulates remedial measures, and collaborates with relevant departments to trace and crack down on them. We also regularly organize internal training and emergency drills to enable our relevant staff to master the corresponding emergency response strategies and procedures. In the event of an unfortunate information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will also promptly inform you of the relevant information of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, and other means. If it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Please understand that due to technological limitations and risk prevention limitations, even if we have tried our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access the Youdao Cloud Note taking service may experience issues due to situations beyond our control.
Please make sure to properly safeguard your account, password, and other identity elements. When you use the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, we will identify your identity through your account, password, and other identity elements. Once you disclose the aforementioned information, you may suffer losses and may have adverse effects on you. If you find that your account, password, and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
5、 How to manage your personal information
（1） Access, update, and delete
We encourage you to update and modify your personal information to make it more accurate and effective.
If you want to query, modify or delete some of your information, please log in to the Youdao Cloud Note Account Personal Center or Account Settings page（ https://note.youdao.com/web/#/setting/account ）We have provided you with relevant operation guidelines and settings.
You can also contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy or through our online customer service to handle it for you. We will adopt appropriate technical means or contact channels to enable you to access, update, and delete your personal information or other information provided when using NetEase services, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, when you correct or delete your personal information, we may not immediately correct or delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will correct or delete this information when the backup is updated.
（2） Public and Sharing
If you disclose or share information through the above channels, resulting in the leakage of your information, we will not be held responsible. Therefore, we remind and ask you to carefully consider whether to disclose or share your information through the above channels.
（3） Account cancellation
You can choose to contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy or through online customer service
After your account is cancelled, we will stop providing you with all or part of the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, and according to your request, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
（4） Change the scope of your authorized consent
You can always choose whether to disclose personal information to us. Some personal information is necessary for using Youdao Cloud Note taking services, but the provision of most other information is up to you to decide. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, disabling device functions, or logging out of your account.
After revoking authorization, we are unable to continue providing you with the services corresponding to the revocation of authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the information processing previously carried out based on your authorization
（5） Obtaining a copy of personal information
You can contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy or through our online customer service
（6） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request in the following situations:
1. Fulfilling our obligations under laws and regulations
dependent;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. We have sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
7. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
8. Involving trade secrets.
6、 Third party services
The Youdao Cloud Note taking service may access or link to social media or other services provided by third parties (including websites or other forms of services). include:
（1） You can use the "Share" button to share certain content to third-party platforms, or you can use third-party services to log in to Youdao Cloud Note Service. These features may collect your personal information (including your log information) and may install cookies on your device to enable the normal operation of the aforementioned functions;
（2） We provide you with links through advertising or other means of our services, allowing you to link to third-party services or websites;
To achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access SDKs or other similar applications provided by third-party service providers (such as in the form of embedded code, plugins, etc.) in order to provide you with better customer service and user experience.
1. Used for advertising related services, including advertising display, advertising statistics and monitoring, advertising placement and advertising monitoring attribution, anti cheating, etc;
2. Used for message push functions, including push notifications from mobile phone manufacturers, specific event reminders, etc;
3. Used for payment related services, including order payment, transaction behavior verification, income settlement, payment information summary and statistics, etc;
4. Used to obtain device location permissions, collect device information and log information with your consent;
5. Used for third-party authorization services, including third-party account login, sharing relevant content to third-party products, etc;
6. Used to support product functional modules, including voice recognition, image recognition, translation, online customer service, and connecting smart hardware;
7. Used to optimize product performance, including improving hardware distribution capabilities, reducing server costs, and performing functional hot repairs;
8. Used for account security, product reinforcement related services, including network monitoring, domain name resolution, anti hijacking, anti spam and anti cheating, encryption and decryption services, etc;
9. Used for abnormal reporting and statistical analysis functions, including statistical analysis of APP anomalies, statistical analysis of APP user data, etc.
Part of the third-party SDKs or similar applications we access may collect your personal information (including backend operating status), including but not limited to IMEI, IMSI, device MAC address, software list, device serial number, Android ID, OAID, WIFI SSID, WIFI BSSID. If you use such third-party services provided by us, you agree that they will directly collect and process your information. We will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of collecting personal information through such third-party services, require them to take protective measures for your personal information, and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. In order to provide you with timely updates on our products and services, we will push activity notifications and other content to you through the system notifications on your device. To achieve message push functionality, we have integrated a message push SDK. Depending on the brand and system version of the device you are using, the app may perform necessary self startup. You can choose to turn off the message push function in the device settings. You can click on the 'Youdao Cloud Note Sharing Personal Information List' to learn about the basic information of the third-party SDKs we mainly access. You can also choose to contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
Third party social media or other services are operated by relevant third parties. Your use of such third-party social media services or other services (including any information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third party's own terms of service and information protection statement (not this policy), and you need to carefully read their terms. This policy only applies to the personal information we collect and does not apply to any third-party services or information usage rules provided by third parties. If you find that these third-party social media or other services pose risks, we suggest that you terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests and contact us in a timely manner.
7、 Protection of Minors
Any minor participating in online activities must obtain the consent of their parents or other guardians (hereinafter referred to as "guardians") in advance
We encourage guardians to guide minors in using the Youdao Cloud Note taking service. If you are a minor under the age of 18, please notify your guardian to jointly read and accept our "Youdao Cloud Notes Personal Information Protection Rules for Minors and Guardian Notice", and seek their consent and guidance before using Youdao Cloud Notes services and submitting personal information. If the guardian discovers that the personal information of the relevant minor is filled in by the minor themselves and it is necessary to modify or delete it, please feel free to contact us at any time.
8、 Notification and Revision
In order to provide you with better service, we may modify the terms of this policy in a timely manner based on the updates of Youdao Cloud Note Service and relevant legal requirements. Such modifications constitute a part of this policy. We will announce any changes made to this policy on this page. For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including website announcements, push notifications, pop-up prompts, or other means). The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure have undergone significant changes;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
five
There have been significant changes in the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security;
6. Other important or potentially serious situations that may affect your personal rights occur.
If you do not agree with such changes, you can choose to stop using the Youdao Cloud Note taking service; If you continue to use the Youdao Cloud Note taking service, it means that you have fully read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the revised policy.
Any modifications we make will prioritize your satisfaction. We encourage you to review our privacy policy every time you use the Youdao Cloud Note taking service.
We may send you notifications related to the service when necessary (such as when we suspend, change, or terminate the provision of a particular service due to system maintenance).
If you do not wish to continue receiving our push messages, you can request us to stop pushing, for example, by following the SMS unsubscribe guidelines to stop sending promotional messages, or by setting up your mobile device to no longer receive our push messages; Except for situations where we send messages in accordance with legal regulations or service agreements for individual services.
9、 How to contact us
Hangzhou NetEase Zhuyou Technology Co., Ltd. has established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which will strictly protect your personal information in accordance with this policy. If you have any complaints or reports regarding personal information security, or if you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this policy or your personal information, please contact us by email at Privacy@service.netease.com Or write to the following address: Personal Information Protection Specialist of NetEase Phase II, No. 399 Wangshang Road, Binjiang District, Hangzhou City (to be received); Postal code: 310052. Generally, we will respond within fifteen working days after receiving your questions, opinions, or suggestions and verifying your user identity. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can also file a complaint with the consumer rights protection department or file a lawsuit with a court with jurisdiction.
