introduction
IQIYI products and/or services "(hereinafter referred to as" our products and/or services ") are online audiovisual products and/or services provided by Beijing iQIYI Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address/common office address: 1101, 11th floor, No. 2 Haidian North 1st Street, Haidian District, Beijing, contact phone number: 400-923-7171) (hereinafter referred to as" iQIYI "," we "), including our legally owned, managed, and operated client application with the registered name" iQIYI "(including but not limited to all terminal clients such as PC, mobile, mini program, etc.), official website（ https://www.iqiyi.com/ ）And web pages, software development kits (SDKs), and application programming interfaces (APIs) for use by third-party client applications and/or official websites.
This iQiyi Privacy Policy mainly explains to you the collection and processing of your information when you use the basic and extended functions of our products and/or services. Meanwhile, as an online video and audio app, iQiyi collects and processes necessary personal information when using basic functions such as browsing, searching, and logging in. We have obtained your authorization through the iQiyi (Basic Functions) Privacy Policy; We will obtain your authorization and consent separately when collecting and processing necessary personal information related to your use of extended functions.
We have highlighted the clauses in this policy that have a significant relationship with your rights (including but not limited to your personal information rights) and the processing of sensitive personal information in bold font, underline or other reasonable ways.
This iQiyi Privacy Policy will help you understand the following content
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
2、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4、 Your control over personal information
5、 How do we store and protect your personal information
6、 Protection of Minors
7、 Update of this policy
8、 How to contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
To facilitate your understanding of the main situation regarding the collection and use of your personal information, our product provides a dynamic personal information list. Please check it in "My Settings Information Collection List" on the iQiyi App.
Permission Description:
View the "iQiyi Application Permission Application and Usage Instructions"
1. System permissions such as location, camera, photo album/storage (media and files may have different names on different hardware devices), microphone, calendar, etc. will not be enabled by default and will only be accessed with your separate consent for specific services/functions. Even if authorized by you, we will only access your corresponding permissions within the scope of your authorization and obtain the corresponding information (if involved); And you can revoke the authorization at any time. After you revoke the authorization, we will stop accessing the corresponding permissions and will no longer be able to provide you with certain services corresponding to it, but it will not affect your enjoyment of the other services we provide.
2. Some permissions (such as device permissions, location permissions) may be used for certain third-party application services (including H5 pages, mini programs, SDKs, etc.), and these permissions are only obtained through our products and/or services when you apply for specific functions of the third-party application.
Normally, we collect and use your personal information or apply for relevant permissions for the implementation of the following functions/scenarios:
（1） Account Services
1. Account registration and login
1.1 Registration/Login: When you register or log in to our products and/or services, in order to help you smoothly complete the registration/login process, you need to provide us with your phone number and iQiyi account login password information. Collecting mobile phone number information is to meet the requirements of relevant laws and regulations for network real name authentication. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number for verification, it will result in registration/login failure, but it will not affect your ability to browse, search, and play videos. If you log in by email, you will need to provide us with your email and iQiyi account login password information.
1.2 One click login: The "One click login" function is a feature provided to us by operators and/or other login service providers through their SDKs. When you use the "one click login" function, with your consent, we will utilize the functions provided by the aforementioned service provider to use your device's network connected mobile phone number for account registration/login, helping you easily complete the registration/login process of our products and/or services without the need for dynamic password or verification code verification.
1.3 Authorized login: when you use the account authorization login of a third party platform (such as QQ/WeChat/Weibo/Baidu/Tiktok), you authorize us to obtain the relevant information (including nickname, avatar, Openid) under the third party account for binding with the iQIYI account and improving the network personal data information. If you register directly using a third-party platform account, in order to meet the requirements of relevant laws and regulations for network real name registration, we need you to bind your mobile phone number. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number for verification, it will result in your registration failure, but it will not affect your ability to browse, search, and play videos.
1.4 Scan code login: When you use the scan code login function, we will request that you authorize camera permissions to successfully complete the QR code scan.
1.5 Fingerprint/Face Login: If you use the face/fingerprint login function in our products and/or services, you need to enter your face or fingerprint information in advance on your local device, actively authorize the use of fingerprint/face login in our products and/or services, and complete information verification on your device when using the service. We need to use your facial ID/touch ID permission (biometric authentication permission) to receive verification results, but we do not collect and upload your facial or fingerprint information. If you do not enable this permission, you will not be able to use the aforementioned services, but it does not affect your ability to choose other login methods.
2. Account information disclosure and data maintenance
2.1 Account Information Disclosure:
(1) You
Part of your online personal information (including your nickname, gender, personal signature), online status, likes, fans, followers, updates, works, your badge, etc. will be publicly displayed on your personal space page. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will publicly display your viewing experience on your personal space page in our products and/or services. However, you may cancel the authorization at any time. Please refer to Chapter 4 "Personal Information Disclosure" of this policy for specific details.
(2) In order to meet the regulatory requirements on Internet account management, for any user who has published information, we will display your IP address on your personal space page, image/video publishing page, comments and other information publishing pages; For platform content creators, we will display your iQ account author identity, anchor identity, and other platform identity information on your personal space page; For institutional content creators and contracted influencers, we will display information such as the operating entity, registered operating address, content production category, and unified social credit code of your iQiyi account on your personal space page; For content producers in certain professional fields, we will display corresponding certification information on your personal space page.
2.2 Data Maintenance: You can independently choose to fill in your gender (for creating a 3D image for you), nickname, avatar, birthday (not related to the year), location (province or municipality), and personalized signature information, which will help us provide you with a more personalized experience. If you do not fill in, it does not affect your use of other features of our products and/or services. When you upload/change your avatar, we will collect the information of the pictures you upload/change. In the case where you choose to take pictures to upload/change your avatar, we will request your camera permission and collect the information of the pictures you take. At the same time, you can choose to synchronize your WeChat and QQ profile information. With your authorization, we will use your aforementioned information to improve your account network personal profile information.
3. Membership information and other rights and asset information
3.1 Membership Information: If you are a VIP member of iQiyi, in order to verify your membership status, we will collect information such as your membership status and type, membership duration and validity period, membership level, membership points, coupon assets, other membership benefits, and usage of various benefits. Meanwhile, you can access some or all of the aforementioned information within our products and/or services. We collect the number of devices that log in to your membership account and the number of devices that use membership services at the same time to determine whether your account has security risks and whether your use complies with our membership service usage rules. If you need to check the number of your online devices, please refer to Chapter 4 of this policy for the specific path of "Personal Information Query, Correction/Modification, and Deletion".
3.2 Other Rights and Asset Information: If you purchase Qidou/Qidian or participate in other activities to obtain relevant rights and assets within our products and/or services, we will display them to you synchronously under your iQiyi account.
（2） Real name authentication and platform identity authentication
1. Real name authentication
To meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements, ensure the authenticity of user identity, implement anti fraud risk control, and ensure system and service security, you may need to undergo real name authentication before using specific services/functions. We need to collect your real name authentication information (which may include name, phone number, ID card related information, facial information (static or dynamic), which may vary depending on the actual situation, and we will separately obtain your authorization and consent) to complete the real name authentication. Relevant business scenarios may include: applying to use iQiyi IQ account services (including applying to become an institutional signing expert), applying to use live streaming services, registering online game users with real names, purchasing related financial products or services, verifying real identity for payment, purchasing student members or digital collectibles, appealing or resetting "Youth Mode" account passwords, and other scenarios that require real name authentication.
2. Platform identity authentication
2.1 Institutional Content Creator: To ensure the authenticity of the partner's identity, ensure transaction security, and facilitate normal cooperation, if you apply to become an institutional creator of iQiyi IQ, we need to collect your company name, unified social credit code, business license, institutional contact name, contact information, and contact address (which may vary depending on the actual situation).
2.2 Professional Content Producers: According to relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, when you apply to become a content producer in certain professional fields, we need to collect your corresponding personal information such as service qualifications, professional qualifications, and professional background for verification.
For the scenarios that require real name authentication and platform identity authentication mentioned above, we need to request your camera, album/storage (media and files) permissions. If you refuse authorization, it may result in the failure of your real name authentication; If you refuse to provide relevant personal information, you will not be able to use such functions and/or services, and it will not affect your use of other functions and services.
（3） Service content browsing/searching/playing
1. Service content browsing/playback
1.1 Content browsing/playback:
(1) When you use the browsing and playback functions of our audio and video, electronic reading (books, comics) and other service content, in order to provide you with a continuous and consistent user experience and ensure service quality, we need to record your device information and personal internet records. The aforementioned device information includes: OAID, Android ID, IDFA (if authorized), IDFV, IP address, network type, device name, device model, operating system and version, system language, resolution, screen height and width, CPU model, total disk space, and system memory space. The aforementioned personal internet browsing records include browsing/clicking/playing (including screen casting) records, bookmarking/following/booking records, liking/sharing/posting records, visit date/time/duration, number of interactions, etc.
(2) When your account is logged in, we record your above information through your account dimension. If you have not logged into your account, we will record some of your internet browsing history based on your device information, including browsing/clicking/playing history
Visit date/time/duration.
1.2 Eye Protection Mode: To help you protect your vision, we provide an eye protection mode within the product (limited to iOS mobile terminal users only). Eye protection mode requires requesting your camera permission. When you authorize the use of eye protection mode, we will use TrueDepth APIs to obtain the spatial position information of your face, which is used to calculate the distance between your face and the device screen in real time. Based on the above distance information, we will prompt you to use your eyes healthily. This feature is implemented on your local device, and we will not transmit, store, or share any of your information with third parties. You can turn on/off the eye protection mode on the relevant settings page, path: iQiyi App - My - Settings - Play and Download - Children's Eye Protection Mode.
1.3 Screen casting playback: When you use the screen casting service to play video content, we need to search and connect to devices on the local network, collect your network type, TV screen casting device ID, device name information, and player unique ID to confirm that your mobile client hardware device and TV hardware device are on the same LAN, achieve hardware device interconnection and achieve effect adaptation.
1.4 Operator free streaming: When you use our free streaming services such as watching videos in cooperation with operators, in order to accurately identify the identity of the free streaming user and better record the traffic consumed by targeted applications, we need to collect your IP address and network operator information (mobile device country code, mobile device network code).
1.5 Clarity Setting: When you use our audio and video browsing and playback functions through mobile networks, in order to avoid unreasonable consumption of your network data, we may collect your data package type information from our cooperating operators to set a more reasonable default clarity for you.
1.6 Honor Smart Stage Placement: In hardware devices that support smart stage placement in Honor, when you enter smart stage placement mode, your iQiyi drama poster (including the poster image of the drama you are watching, the title of the drama, and the playback progress) may be displayed. Please rest assured that the aforementioned information is only displayed on the front end of Honor hardware devices, and iQiyi will not share your aforementioned information with Honor.
2. Service Content Search
2.1 Content Search: When you use the search function, we will automatically collect some of your information, including the following personal information: searched content, browsing history and time, search time, and the number of interactions with them. In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored on your local device and display your search history.
2.2 Voice Search: We provide you with a voice search function. When you use the voice search function, we will request that you authorize microphone access and collect your voice information.
2.3 Image Search: When you use the image search function, we will request your authorization for camera and album permissions, and collect information about the images you choose to search for.
（4） Information production and dissemination
1. Content publishing and review
1.1 Content publishing: When you use functions such as image/audio/video production, publishing, live streaming, posting, bullet comments, etc., you may actively provide relevant graphic/audio/video content information. We will collect your above information and display your nickname, avatar, member level badge, published content and other personal information publicly displayed to meet the regulatory requirements for Internet account management (see the relevant chapter of "Account Information Disclosure" for details). At the same time, we will collect your interaction information, including interaction records such as following/liking/sharing/commenting/bookmarking. The information you post may contain personal information of others. Please be sure to obtain legal authorization from others to avoid illegal disclosure of their personal information. Regarding the production and publishing functions of the aforementioned information, we will request your authorization for camera, album/storage (media and files), and microphone permissions when you use them.
1.2 Content Review: In order to comply with relevant laws and regulations, fulfill the obligation of ecological governance of network information content, and prohibit the publication and dissemination of illegal and harmful information, we will review the content you post through machine and manual means. Please rest assured that we will only review the content you post for the purpose of achieving the above objectives and will not take any other actions.
2. Release tools
2.1 Publishing Location: If you wish to display your publishing location in the work information, you can automatically add your geographic location information by granting us location permissions in that scene. You can also add it through active selection methods (such as filling in, searching, option confirmation, etc.).
2.2 Video Effects: In order to provide you with better video visual effects, we offer video beautification functions such as beauty, makeup, filters, special effects, and facial stickers. When you use this feature, we will intelligently recognize your skin and facial features parameters through facial positioning technology, which is used to locate the position of your facial features. Based on the location judgment results, we will match you with makeup or provide corresponding special effects. This feature is implemented on your local device, and we will not use the aforementioned information for facial recognition, nor will we transmit, store, or share your information with third parties. In addition, we provide you with beauty memory services. We will record the beauty parameters you set while logged in (such as face slimming index, whitening index, big eye index, etc.), so that you can directly match the corresponding parameters when logging in and using this feature next time, making it convenient for you to use. At the same time, we may use the facial image depth related information calculation results in iOS's ARKit and TrueDepth API to optimize and improve our beautification function, in order to achieve better processing results. We will not use the result of this operation for other purposes, nor will we send it back or store it on the server.
（5） Communication and interaction
1. Add friends
We will collect your friend relationships (including followers/fans), and adjust your follower/fan list accordingly when you add/remove followers/fans.
2. "Chat Together" and karaoke function
When you use the "Chat Together" and karaoke functions, in order to achieve real-time communication with others and perform karaoke, we will request your microphone permission and collect your voice information. In 'Chat Together', you can also engage in text/image communication with others,
When you use pictures for communication, we will request your camera and album permissions. At the same time, we will collect your text, photos taken/selected. The collection of the above information is necessary for your friend communication and content review. After real-time processing, we and our authorized third parties (if any) will return the processing results to you and will not store your aforementioned information.
（6） Ordering, Order Management, and Delivery
1. Ordering and Order Management
When you purchase goods/services, we need to collect some or all of the following personal information based on the type of goods/services, including: your recipient information (which may include name, address, contact phone number, postal code, invoice information, if the recipient is not yourself, you should ensure that you have obtained relevant authorization from the recipient), transaction goods/services information, order number, order creation time, amount you should pay, your remarks information. We collect this information to help you smoothly complete the purchase of goods/services, ensure your transaction security, query order information, provide customer service, etc. At the same time, in order to facilitate your understanding, querying, and management of order information, we will collect the order information generated during your use of our services to display to you and facilitate your order management.
2. Payment
In order to complete order payment and ensure transaction security, we need to collect your order payment related information and share some or all of the above information with payment institutions (such as WeChat, Alipay, banks and other financial institutions) in a secure manner (including payment institutions directly collecting in the form of SDK). At the same time, in order to timely understand and confirm your payment status, resolve disputes, provide customer service and after-sales service, we may collect your payment time, payment status, and payment progress information through payment institutions. If you use the facial/fingerprint payment function in our products and/or services, our personal information processing rules will be consistent with those when you use facial/fingerprint login (see the relevant section on "Account Registration/Login" for details).
3. Delivery
After you successfully place an order, if the goods/services are provided by a third-party merchant or require third-party delivery, in order to smoothly, safely, and accurately complete the delivery and delivery of the goods/services to you, the third-party merchant and logistics service provider will inevitably obtain your recipient information and other order delivery related information (if involved). At the same time, for the purpose of providing you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we may need to be informed and confirm the delivery progress and status in a timely manner. You agree that we may collect information related to the delivery progress from the aforementioned parties.
（7） Activity participation
1. Reward distribution
When you participate in our activities such as lottery, guessing, answering questions, and conducting surveys, you may need to proactively submit relevant information. For example, in order to receive rewards, you need to provide necessary personal information related to the award (such as recipient information for offline shipping, and ID card information for real name authentication, such as purchasing amusement park tickets).
2. Share and interact
When you use the password or link for sharing (such as using WeChat to share) to participate in activities, we will read the content of your clipboard to determine whether there is relevant password code (such as invitation code, membership benefit code) information, in order to achieve functions or services such as jumping, sharing, and event linkage. To achieve the above functions, we need to call your clipboard function when you enter the iQiyi App homepage (including when you open the iQiyi App application or switch from the background to the front of the iQiyi App application) to determine whether there is relevant password code information. We will only collect the aforementioned information from the clipboard, verify it on the server, and provide you with the necessary content or bind relevant rights. Please rest assured that we have set strict clipboard filtering rules and will only upload clipboard content that matches our link rules. We will not collect or store any other information about your clipboard. In addition, we may need to apply for access to your phone's photo album/storage (media and files) permissions in order for you to share or receive shared videos and images..
3. Innovative interaction
When you use innovative activities, advertisements, and other interactive functions (such as shaking or twisting the screen), we call on your gyroscope, gravity, and acceleration sensors to determine the status of your device and confirm whether you participate in the aforementioned interaction based on your device status.
4. Calendar reservation
When you use video, live streaming, event, product launch and other reminder or appointment functions, we will request your calendar write permission. After you authorize calendar permission, we will access your calendar, help you schedule or adjust the scheduled time, and remind you. In Honor's hardware devices, with your separate consent, we will synchronize your appointment and episode update information with Honor. At the same time, Honor's iQiyi drama following calendar subscription will be activated, where you can view your appointment and drama following updates in the calendar.
（8） Market promotion and news notification
1. Message notification
1.1 PUSH Notification: We will use PUSH notifications to push you recommended content, hot topics, and updates from users you follow.
1.2 Other methods of notification: For the contact information you provide during your use (including contact phone number, contact email), we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of them on our own or through a third party for the purpose of user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, etc.
2. Business Information
After obtaining your authorization and consent, we or our authorized third parties may provide you with commercial information such as advertisements, commercial activities, etc. that you may be interested in through SMS, phone, and/or email. If you do not wish to receive our commercial information, you have the right to refuse. Please refer to the "Withdrawal of Consent" section in Chapter 4 of this policy for specific instructions.
（9） Operational and product safety requirements
During the use of the app, we need to collect some information from you to ensure the security of your account, system, and transactions when using our products and/or services, prevent malicious programs and anti cheating, anti fraud, and assist in improving the security and reliability of our products and/or services to prevent any harm to users
The behavior of iQiyi Group and society, including device information, personal internet records, service log information, transaction information, account and real name authentication related information, geographic location information, and information collected from our affiliated companies and partners after obtaining your authorization in accordance with the law. At the same time, during the use of the app, we collect acceleration, magnetic field, gravity, and gyroscope sensor data to provide safe and reliable products, services, and usage environments.
The aforementioned device information includes: Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, OAID, Openudid, GAID, IP address, Mac address (collected only on pre installed versions 12.5.0 and below), WLAN Mac (collected only on pre installed versions 15.2.0 and below), Bluetooth Mac (collected only on pre installed versions 15.6.0 and below), network operator (mobile device country code, mobile device network code), network status, type, access method, SIM card status, device name, hardware model, iQiyi App application version, operating system, language, resolution, etc; The aforementioned personal internet records include: your operation records when using our audio and video browsing, clicking, searching, playing, communicating and interacting, placing orders, making payments, participating in activities, and other products and/or services provided by us; The aforementioned service log information includes: the source, overall operation, usage and frequency, crash situation, installation and usage situation, performance data, etc. of the iQiyi App application.
When triggering abnormal behavior (such as remote login or multiple incorrect password inputs), we will collect your WIFI list, location information (GPS, Bluetooth, base station), WLAN access point (SSID, BSSID), WIFI name, and commonly used software list information (only processed locally and not uploaded to the server). To prevent black production and determine whether a mobile device is a normal device, we will collect process information of commonly used black production applications to determine whether the current device is a normal device. But please rest assured that we will not collect the aforementioned information from normal users.
（10） Service content display and recommendation
1. Personalized recommendations
We will collect your device information, personal internet history, membership information (such as gold/platinum/star diamond membership), advertising data (such as exposure, clicks, conversion data, etc., only applicable to personalized advertising recommendations), and combine them with the basic information you actively fill in (if any), the personalized tags you actively choose (only applicable to audio and video content recommendations), and some information collected through our partner platforms. Through automatic analysis and calculation by the system, we will extract your preference features and recommend more relevant graphic/audio/video content, information information, and commercial information such as push and advertising that better match your needs, optimize our display and search results, and improve our recommendation mechanism.
The aforementioned personal internet records include: your operation records when using our audio and video browsing, clicking, searching, playing, communicating and interacting, placing orders, participating in activities, and other products and/or services provided by us; The aforementioned device information includes: OAID, IDFA, device name, hardware model, network type, IP address, operating system and its version, iQiyi App application version, language settings, resolution, etc.
To avoid ambiguity, your basic information (if any) is up to you to decide whether to fill it out. If you do not fill it out, it will not affect your use of our products and/or services, and we will not extract your preference features based on this to make recommendations to you; Regarding your personalized tags, you are responsible for managing and adjusting them yourself. Based on your choices, we will recommend content that you like and adjust your video preferences. If you have not selected any personalized tags, we will not extract your preference features based on this and make recommendations to you.
You have the right to refuse our personalized content/advertising recommendations to you. If you do not want to accept such recommendations, you can go through the following path: (1) Content recommendation: In the "My Settings Content Recommendation Management" section of the iQiyi App, you can set up settings that do not allow us to recommend movie watching content that is more suitable for you based on your personal preferences and adjust your personalized tags; (2) Advertising recommendation: The settings in "My Settings Privacy Center Advertising Management" on the iQiyi App do not allow us to recommend advertising information that is more valuable to you based on your personal preferences or through cross platform tracking. After turning off such recommendations, you may miss out on content/advertising information that interests you.
For more information on the path of managing the personalized recommendation services we provide, please refer to "Withdrawal of Consent" in Chapter 4 of this policy.
2. Geographic based recommendations
2.1 We will seek your authorization to collect location information for different functional services when you use them, and will only collect location information for the functional scenarios where you authorize the collection of location information. You can also manage the authorization for each functional scenario in a fine-grained manner through the path "iQiyi App - My - Settings - Privacy Center - Permission Settings - Location Information".
2.2 Content Recommendation: When providing you with local/nearby content or location related content or services (such as weather forecasts), with your separate authorization, we will use your geographic location information (GPS, WLAN access point) to display and recommend content (including advertisements), weather conditions, etc. near you. If you refuse to authorize us to obtain your location permission, we will not display or recommend content to you based on the geographic location information obtained through your location permission, but it will not affect the normal use of your other functions. At the same time, you agree that we will only display and recommend local content (including advertisements), weather conditions, etc. in your area (city, district, etc.) based on the city and/or district corresponding to your IP information.
2.3 Third party advertising: Some advertisements displayed through third-party mini programs, H5 pages, etc. are location-based services. Therefore, third parties may apply for your location permission through our products to determine your location and confirm whether they can provide you with services (such as advertisers conducting promotional offers, distributing coupons, applying for your location permission, and obtaining your location information in a certain area). Such rights
Restricted access and information collection are only obtained through our product application when you access and use advertisements displayed through third-party mini programs, H5 pages, etc.
3. Training and optimization of recommendation services
We will use de identification technology and recommendation algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, etc. to recommend content that is more suitable for you based on the calculation results; In order to meet your diverse needs and avoid information silos, we will comprehensively use diverse technologies to automate content processing, continuously adjust and optimize our recommendation results. Please rest assured that our recommendation algorithm does not recognize the true identity of specific natural persons. In the process of recommending content to you, we strive to use advanced technology to properly protect your privacy.
In order to protect your right to know and choose, and to be aware of the algorithm services we use, please refer to the "iQiyi Algorithm&Model Filing Publicity Status" to understand the basic principles, purpose and intention, main operating mechanisms, and filing status of the algorithm services we use.
（11） Customer service and other user response functions
When you use our customer service or other user response functions, for the security of your account and system, we may need you to provide account information first and match it with your previous personal information to verify your user identity. At the same time, we may also need to collect your following personal information: contact information (the phone number/email address you used to contact us or other contact information you voluntarily provided to us), communication information between you and us (including text/images/audio/video/call records), and other necessary information related to your needs. We collect this information to investigate the facts and help you solve problems. If you refuse to provide it, it may prevent you from using our customer service and other user response functions. When you use some functions such as online customer service communication and feedback, we will request your camera, photo album/storage (media and files), microphone permissions, and collect your pictures/audio and video, voice information. If you refuse to provide it, it will only prevent you from using the feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of the product and/or service.
（12） Product and Service Statistics and Analysis
After strict de identification or anonymization through secure encryption technology, we may use the collected data for machine learning or algorithm model training, related research, testing, statistical analysis, and prediction, in order to analyze our system problems, count traffic, and identify potential risks, improve the content and layout of our platform and services, detect the effectiveness of third-party products and/or services, provide product or service support for business decisions, and improve our products and services.
（13） Declaration of Sensor Application Scenarios
Usage Scenario Sensor Name Usage Purpose
Service content browsing/playback acceleration, direction sensor detection device screen direction change, realizing horizontal and vertical screen switching during playback
Service content: Browse/play magnetic fields, gyroscope sensors detect device movement and rotation behavior, locate the area of the video frame, and achieve panoramic video and immersive mode function experience
Information production/publishing: Light and acceleration sensors detect the direction and angle of light and devices, helping users use AR video shooting and editing functions
Information production/release of gyroscope sensors to detect the direction and angle of equipment, enabling interactive video shooting in games
Participate in innovative activities such as gyroscope, gravity, and acceleration sensors to determine device status and achieve advertising interaction
Collect safety risk control acceleration, magnetic field, gravity, and gyroscope sensors during the use of the app to provide safe and reliable products, services, and usage environments
（14） Other functions
1. AI NPC
When you use our Peach Bean product, we provide multiple ways to help you communicate with AI NPC avatars. You can use the virtual voice call function or the voice to text message conversation function. To achieve the above goals, you need to authorize the opening of your microphone permission. If you refuse, it will only prevent you from using the function and will not affect your ability to directly send text messages for conversation and other functions.
In some activities, we may collect some of your interaction records with AI NPCs, and based on your interaction situation, we will give you gifts, surprise deliveries, etc.
To assist you in creating a virtual image of Peach Bean World and provide gender specific material services, you may need to provide us with your gender information. When you use the virtual image kneading service, you may need to actively provide us with your facial information. We will use algorithm technology to help you generate highly restored animated virtual images based on the facial information you have captured. To better generate your animated virtual image, we will save your facial information within 7 days to complete the error correction review of the generated image. The above functions require the use of your camera permissions. If you refuse, it will only prevent you from using the function and will not affect your ability to directly generate animated virtual images based on the materials we provide and use our other services.
2. Information pre filling
To avoid the tedious filling process and simplify the operation, when filling in the information on the advertising landing page, after you click "Use local phone number", we will pre fill in your local phone number for you. In the future, when you browse other advertising landing pages again, iQiyi will pre fill for you (based on your most recent submission); In the filling of account opening information for Class II accounts or some member marketing activities, we will pre fill in the mobile phone number, your real name, and other information bound to the iQiyi platform in mask form on the relevant pages (specific pre filled information may vary depending on the actual situation). If you think the pre filled information is inaccurate, you can manually modify it.
3. Digital collectibles
When you activate the digital collection display service, in addition to collecting real name information from you for the purpose of purchasing, we may collect your blockchain address and digital collection information (mainly including collection name, collection details, collection creator, etc.) on the partner platform, and publicly display the relevant digital collection information on your personal space page.
4. Download third-party apps
When you are in our production
When downloading third-party apps in the product and/or service, if you turn on the switch for iQiyi to call the floating window permission in the device system, we may use this permission to pull up the system installation page of the third-party app for you to successfully complete the installation of the third-party app, but we will not actively require you to turn on this permission.
5. Small Components
If you use our products and/or services through the small components of Huawei meta services, we will not collect user privacy data through Huawei meta services and will not provide you with any personalized services.
If a function or product/service that requires the collection of your personal information is not described in this policy, or if we exceed the purpose and scope of direct or reasonable association claimed when collecting your personal information, we will inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with relevant legal requirements.
Exceptional circumstances
We process your personal information without your authorization or consent in the following situations:
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
Process personal information that individuals have voluntarily disclosed or other legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of this law;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
2、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
When you use our products and/or services, we or our partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of your personal information, including your website browsing habits, browsing information, and login information, in order to provide you with a better service experience. We will strictly require third parties to use cookies and similar technologies within the scope of the purposes described in this policy.
If your browser allows, you can manage cookies and similar technologies through the settings of your browser. You understand and acknowledge that some of our products and/or services can only be achieved through the use of cookies or similar technologies. If you refuse to use or delete them, you may not be able to obtain the best service experience of our products and/or services, and it may also have a certain impact on your information protection and account security.
For more information about our use of cookies and similar technologies, please refer to iQiyi's Cookie Policy.
3、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Sharing
1. Principle of Sharing
We share your personal information while adhering to the principles of legality, minimum necessity, and clear purpose. And we will conduct a personal information protection impact assessment on the sharing activities of personal information in advance, and take effective technical protection measures for output forms, circulation, use, etc. At the level of cooperation agreement, strict requirements are placed on the information protection obligations and responsibilities of partners, and a data security protection agreement is signed with business partners before cooperation.
2. Entrustment processing
If we entrust a third party to process your personal information, we will agree with the trustee on the purpose, deadline, processing method, types of personal information, protection measures, and rights and obligations of both parties, and supervise the trustee's personal information processing activities.
3. Joint processing
If we jointly determine the purpose and method of processing your personal information with third-party personal information processors, we will agree with our partners on their respective rights and obligations, and this agreement does not affect your ability to demand the exercise of your rights from any of the personal information processors. If we infringe upon your personal information rights and cause damage, we will bear joint and several liability in accordance with the law.
4. Third party partners
We have developed an "Information Sharing Checklist" to provide you with a clear and concise introduction to our "iQiyi" embedded SDK checklist and third-party partners. View iQiyi's' Information Sharing Checklist '.
4.1 Payment Services: To ensure transaction security and complete payment for goods/services, we will provide your order payment related information (for bank card payments, you need to provide your name, phone number, ID card information, and bank card information when binding the card; for phone payments, you need to provide your phone number) to payment service partners.
4.2 Third Party Membership Services: In order to assist you in successfully claiming related benefits such as partner membership (including joint membership benefits), we will provide your mobile phone number (QQ number (only for purchasing QQ joint membership) and/or information about the third-party membership benefits you purchased to the partner of the third-party membership service, ensuring that the partner can distribute the relevant benefits to your partner platform account.
4.3 Operator Points Exchange Service: To assist you in using operator points to exchange for iQiyi membership and other related benefits, we will provide your mobile phone number to the points exchange service partner to determine your operator points and deduct the corresponding points for exchanging for related membership benefits.
4.4 Real name authentication service: In order to complete real name authentication and ensure smooth use of our related services, we will entrust a real name authentication service provider to query and verify your real name authentication related information, including your name, ID card related information, static or dynamic facial information. For a more detailed explanation, please refer to iQiyi's "Information Sharing Checklist".
4.5 Goods/Services Warehousing, Distribution, and After sales Services: In order to fulfill the needs of purchasing goods/services (including goods/services distribution and logistics inquiry, enjoying after-sales services, etc.), we will provide your purchased goods/services and their quantity, distribution related information, and necessary personal information for handling related issues (to achieve specific service purposes, providing users' personal information within the "minimum necessary" scope) to relevant service partners (such as warehousing and logistics service providers).
4.6 Joint marketing activities: In order to protect your rights and interests in participating in the activities, we may provide the minimum necessary information for your participation in the activities to the partners who carry out joint marketing activities with us. For example, in the activities such as payment discounts and red envelope distribution with payment channels (such as Alipay, Tiktok Payment, etc.), we will
Provide your device identification information (OAID, IDFA) and/or mobile phone number to the payment channel to determine if you meet the activity criteria and issue rewards to you; In the joint marketing services with China Unicom, we will provide your mobile phone number information to China Unicom to determine whether you meet the conditions for purchasing/receiving related products, services, and benefits, and to display relevant content to you; In cases where the partner is responsible for offline shipping, we need to provide the recipient information (recipient name, recipient contact phone number, shipping address, etc.) to the partner.
4.7 Marketing: We will provide encrypted device information (OAID, IDFA) to certain third-party websites and applications, and then provide you with our information, commercial promotion, service promotion, and other information on third-party platforms, and measure and optimize the marketing effectiveness of our products and/or services.
4.8 Security Operations: To ensure the security of our services, analyze the stability of our products, and protect your legitimate rights and interests from illegal infringement, we may provide your device information (OAID, IDFA) to our security service providers for security risk control, anti fraud, and to enhance the security and stability of our products.
4.9 Digital Collection Services: In order to display your digital collections on our platform, we may provide your mobile phone number to our digital collection partners for querying information about your digital collections on the partner platform for display purposes.
4.10 Advertising Cooperation
(1) Advertising placement: We may provide your device information (OAID, IDFA, hardware model, operating system), group tags to advertisers and/or their authorized placement agents to push you more suitable information, promotions, and other commercial information.
(2) Advertising website construction: In order to provide you with more suitable and high-quality services, advertisers and/or their commissioned advertising agents will collect the relevant personal information (including contact phone number, subject to the actual page provided) that you actively fill in on the relevant advertising pages.
(3) Advertising statistical analysis and optimization: Our or the advertising statistical analysis and optimization services provided by advertisers and their authorized agents may require some or all of the following information from you: device information (OAID, IDFA, hardware model, operating system), group tags, advertising exposure, browsing, clicking, playing, and advertising conversion data, etc., for the purpose of analyzing and measuring the effectiveness of advertisements and related services, making advertising or decision-making recommendations, improving the effective reach of advertisements, and better providing you with high-quality and suitable services; Advertisers and/or their authorized agents may require us to provide some or all of the aforementioned information for operational analysis of user sources, optimization of advertising strategies, or improvement of their products and services.
(4) Please rest assured that for the information provided to the public in the aforementioned advertising cooperation, we will use technical measures such as de identification, anonymization, or encryption algorithms to process the data, ensuring that our partners cannot directly identify your identity. Based on the received data, partners can make automated decisions on whether to issue advertisements, conduct statistical analysis and optimization (including combining it with other legally obtained data for statistical analysis and optimization); Please be informed that some advertising content is personalized recommendations made by advertisers based on your user habits, preferences, and other user profiles within their applications/software. Without your authorization or illegal consent, we have never and will not obtain your behavior or personal information in other applications.
4.11 Financial product diversion cooperation: During your use of financial services, if financial institutions (including banks, lending, insurance, fund securities companies, etc.) that provide you with lending, deposit and other services need to collect your personal information, the financial institutions will obtain your authorization and consent separately. After your authorization and consent, according to your instructions, we will transmit your relevant information (including name, ID card information, bank card related information, geographic location information, specific content subject to your authorization) to the partner in order to assist you in quickly completing identity verification, risk control verification, etc. of the financial institution; At the same time, you authorize us to share with the aforementioned financial institutions the indirect user profile, de identified or anonymized analysis/statistical information formed by our use of your relevant information collection, in order to assist financial institutions in assessing your credit status, reducing bad debt rates, ensuring business security, and combating fraud. We promise that we will not share personal information that directly identifies you without your separate consent.
4.12 Third party value-added service cooperation: When you use products and/or services provided by third-party value-added service partners such as life payment, phone recharge, and data recharge, we will act as the trustee to collect your mobile phone number, payment account number, and geographic location information (if authorized by you in this scenario) according to the partner's commission, and transmit the above information to the partner to help them provide you with corresponding third-party value-added services smoothly.
4.13 Mini Program Cooperation: iQiyi may provide services to you in the form of iQiyi Mini Programs on partner platforms. In order to facilitate your viewing process and access the iQiyi mini program for viewing and interaction, we will provide some viewing and interaction records (including likes, favorites, comments, etc.) to our partner platforms for display on their platform related pages.
4.14 Ticketing Cooperation: When you purchase movie tickets through iQiyi, as the ticketing service is provided by the ticketing partner, we will provide the mobile phone number linked to your iQiyi account to the ticketing partner for completing order payment and achieving smooth ticket issuance.
4.15 Problem resolution and dispute resolution: Some of our platform's activities/product services are jointly provided by us and our partners or mainly provided by our partners. In order to resolve complaints, disputes, etc. between you and us and/or our partners, we may provide your personal information required for problem resolution and dispute resolution to our partners within the "minimum necessary" scope (for example, if a dispute is caused by an incorrect product delivery address, we may provide your delivery address information to our partners for information verification).
4.16 Ensuring Your
Under the premise of personal information security and legitimate purposes, we may provide de identified or anonymized data to research institutes, universities, and other institutions that cooperate with us for scientific research in related fields and to promote technological development.
4.17 When we conduct due diligence or audits, we share your relevant information with external regulators, professional consulting firms (such as audit firms), etc.
4.18 Other sharing necessary for the implementation of our services/functions.
5. Related sharing
5.1 Associated App
In order for us to provide you with consistent services, improve personalized experiences, achieve security risk control, and meet the needs of customer service, related apps with corresponding functions will be subject to a unified account system. The affiliated company app that applies the unified account system will synchronize some of your personal information about registering, logging in, and using our products and/or services, which may include some or all of the following information: (1) your device information (OAID, IDFA); (2) your basic profile information, including nickname, avatar, birthday, gender; (3) Your personal internet browsing history, including browsing/searching/playing/posting/interaction records; (4) Transaction records, order records; (5) Equity/asset information (membership benefits, purchased course benefits, Qidou/Qidian); (6) User profile.. The aforementioned information will be displayed in conjunction with the associated app, and you can use the relevant rights/assets (if applicable) in the associated app.
Note:
The "Unified Account System" refers to the creation of a unified string for the mobile phone number bound to your associated app, enabling unified account login and access to related functions;
The "associated apps" applicable to the unified account system include iQiyi, iQiyi Speed Edition, iQiyi Suike, iQiyi Qibab, iQiyi Novel, iQiyi Bada, and other products under iQiyi, as well as related products such as iQiyi Fruit, iQiyi Sports, iQiyi Knowledge, TV Fruit, and Qixiu from affiliated companies;
5.2 Sharing with other affiliated companies
In order to provide you with a consistent service experience when using our affiliated companies' products and/or services (such as Baidu App, etc.), and to recommend more suitable service content to you (including but not limited to audio and video content, advertising services, etc.), we may share your device information (OAID, IDFA), video preferences, and other information with our affiliated companies.
6. Third party SDK service providers
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our client, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and features, our application will embed software development kits (SDKs) or other similar applications from our business partners. We will strictly monitor the security of SDKs and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by business partners to obtain information, and require them to process personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures to ensure data security. View the "Embedded SDK" in iQiyi's "Information Sharing Checklist" for further understanding.
（2） Transfer
Transfer refers to the process of transferring control of personal information to other companies, organizations, or individuals. In principle, we will not transfer your personal information, except in the following circumstances:
1. You have made your own request and meet the relevant legal, regulatory, and supervisory requirements.
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information and request that the recipient continue to be bound by this policy. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, we will require the recipient to obtain your consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
We will not publicly disclose any personal information that you have not disclosed on your own or that has not been lawfully disclosed, except in accordance with legal regulations or with your separate consent. And before we publicly disclose your personal information, we will conduct a personal information protection impact assessment and adopt security protection measures that comply with industry standards for processing.
4、 Your control over personal information
We attach great importance to your rights as a personal information subject and make every effort to protect your control over your personal information. We provide you with various ways to facilitate your privacy settings and personal information management with peace of mind and convenience, ensuring the security of your personal information.
Please understand that some services/functions require the processing of your personal information in order to be implemented. Therefore, if you withdraw our consent/authorization for the processing of your information, it may affect your use of the corresponding services/functions, but it will not affect your use of other services/functions. At the same time, if you withdraw your consent/authorization, it does not affect the personal information processing activities that have been carried out based on your consent/authorization before the withdrawal.
（1） Personal information inquiry, correction/modification, deletion
You can query, correct/modify, or delete your personal information through the following methods:
1. Manage personal account related information (including basic information such as profile picture, nickname, gender, signature, account UID, etc.), account bound phone number, account login device, bound third-party account, etc. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Account and Security".
2. Manage usage record related information (including your updates, your viewing history, likes/follows/appointments/favorites, messages, points, orders, etc.). Path: iQiyi App "My - Watch History/Favorites and Reservation/Download".
3. A unified personal information management portal, where you can directly query and manage account information, viewing history, published content, interaction records, orders, transaction records, and other information. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Privacy Center Personal Information Management Personal Information Query/Personal Information Delete".
4. When you discover errors in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to submit your correction/modification request to us through the feedback, error reports, and other channels we have published, and request us to make corrections/modifications. However, due to security and identity recognition considerations, you may not be able to modify certain initial registration information submitted during registration.
5. In the following situations, you can directly request us to delete your personal information, but the data has been anonymized
Except as otherwise provided by chemical processing or laws and regulations:
5.1 The processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
5.2 We cease to provide products and/or services, or the retention period has expired;
5.3 You withdraw your consent;
5.4 We handle your personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations, or agreements.
You understand and agree that when you delete information from our products and/or services, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
（2） Personal Information Disclosure
You can manage the scope of your publicly available personal information through the following methods:
1. Movie viewing experience: You can decide whether to publicly disclose your movie viewing experience in the iQiyi App. Path: iQiyi App "- My - Personal Space - '...' - Settings - Open my viewing history/Allow others to view my viewing history";
2. Online status: You can decide whether to enable your online status in the iQiyi App. Path: iQiyi App - "My - Personal Space - Enable/Disable Online Status".
（3） Obtaining a copy of personal information
You can obtain a copy of your personal information through the following methods, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations and as stipulated in this policy:
1. Obtain online. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Privacy Center Personal Information Management Personal Information Copy Download".
2. Contact us through the methods provided at the end of this policy, and after verifying your identity, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in our services.
（4） Withdrawal of consent
You can change or withdraw the scope of your authorization for us to process your personal information through the following methods:
1. PUSH notification: You can choose to turn off our notification function in your device, or turn it off in the push settings function we provide. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings General Do Not Disturb Settings Receive Message Push".
2. Business information reception: You can decide whether to receive various types of business information from us. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Privacy Center Other Privacy Settings Business Information Reception", or unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in SMS or email (for example, you can unsubscribe from the marketing messages we send you by replying to "TD").
3. System permissions: We provide system permission setting function in the product. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Privacy Center Permission Settings".
4. Content recommendation: You can choose your favorite viewing content and adjust your viewing preferences independently. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Content Recommendation Management", set whether to allow us to recommend content that is more suitable for you based on your personal preferences and adjust your personalized tags, etc. If you turn off personalized content recommendations, we will not process your personal information based on the purpose of personalized content recommendations. The amount of content you see in our products may not decrease, but the relevance to your preferences will decrease.
5. Personalized tags: You are responsible for creating personalized tags on the iQiyi App. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Content Recommendation Management Personalized Tag Management".
6. Advertising recommendation: You can independently decide whether to receive cross platform advertising recommendations/personalized advertisements. Path: iQiyi App "My Settings Privacy Center Ad Management", we explain the principle of ad recommendation to you and allow you to freely choose whether to receive cross platform ad recommendations/personalized ads. If you turn off receiving, the number of advertisements you see within our product may not decrease, but their relevance to you will decrease. Meanwhile, you can also click on the "X" next to the advertisement to provide feedback, and we will adjust our strategy based on your feedback.
7. Unless otherwise specified in this policy, other settings shall be subject to the actual provision of the product.
（5） Cancel account
You can cancel your iQiyi account through the following methods:
1. Online cancellation. Path: iQiyi App "My - Help and Feedback - Account Cancellation" or "My - Settings - Privacy Center - Personal Information Management - Account Cancellation".
2. Contact our customer service to cancel the account.
3. Other channels we publicly disclose.
After you cancel your iQiyi account, the content, information, data, records, etc. under the account will be deleted or anonymized (except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or required by regulatory authorities); At the same time, once the iQiyi account is cancelled, it cannot be restored.
For more information on the process and precautions for cancelling an iQiyi account, please refer to the "iQiyi Account Cancellation Agreement"
（6） Knowing in advance that the product and/or service will cease operation
We will continue to provide you with high-quality services. If some or all of our products and/or services are forced to cease operation due to special reasons, we will notify you in a prominent position or send you push messages or in other ways, and will stop collecting your personal information. At the same time, after exceeding the necessary and shortest period stipulated by laws and regulations, we will delete or anonymize the personal information we hold about you.
（7） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through the contact information provided at the end of this policy.
（8） Protection of Personal Information of the Deceased
We will continue to ensure the security of our users' personal information. If our users (natural persons only) unfortunately pass away, their close relatives can contact us through the contact information provided at the end of this policy for their own legal and legitimate interests.
In order to fully protect the personal information rights and interests of the deceased, those who apply to exercise the rights to access, copy, correct, delete and other related personal information of the deceased need to provide supporting documents (which may include the deceased's identity certificate, death certificate, as well as the identity certificate of the deceased's close relatives themselves, proof of family relationship with the deceased, etc.) according to our relevant procedures. After completing the identity verification,
The relevant rights can only be exercised, except for cases where the deceased user had other arrangements before their death.
（9） Help and Feedback
We provide you with multiple feedback channels, please refer to Chapter 9 "How to Contact Us" of this policy for details.
5、 How do we store and protect your personal information
（1） Storage of personal information
1. Storage location: Personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. We may only provide your personal information to overseas entities and strictly require the recipient to process your personal information in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and this policy, provided that: (1) there are clear provisions in laws and regulations; (2) Obtain your separate consent separately; (3) The products and/or services you are using involve cross-border transactions, and you voluntarily provide personal information to overseas parties.
2. Storage period
2.1 We retain your personal information for the shortest period of time necessary for the purpose of providing our products and/or services. For example, when you use our registration/login function, we need to collect your phone number, and after you provide it and during your use of the function, we need to continue to retain your phone number to provide you with the function normally and ensure the security of your account and system.
2.2 After you voluntarily delete personal information, cancel your account, or exceed the necessary storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations (for example, the Electronic Commerce Law stipulates that the retention time of product and service information and transaction information shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction).
2.3 Our determination of the necessary storage period for personal information is mainly based on the following criteria: (1) maintaining corresponding transaction and business records to respond to your possible inquiries or complaints; (2) Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you; (3) Do you agree to a longer retention period.
（2） Protection measures for personal information
We have always attached great importance to protecting the personal information security of our users. To this end, we have adopted industry standard security technologies and organizational and management measures to minimize the risk of your information being leaked, damaged, misused, accessed, disclosed, or altered without authorization. include:
1. Adopt various security measures to control the collection, transmission, storage, processing, destruction, auditing, and other aspects of data.
2. Establish a personal information security protection organization, implement measures such as standardized handling of personal information security, information security promotion and training.
3. Build and improve a personal information security management system that includes security system certification, business security capability certification, and network security level protection certification.
4. Establish a safety emergency response system and a mechanism for handling safety incidents in a timely and efficient manner.
For specific information about our security measures for your personal information, please refer to the User Personal Information Protection Measures.
Please know and understand that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you help us to ensure the security of your account by means of security, using complex passwords, modifying passwords regularly, and not disclosing your account passwords and relevant personal information to others. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account or password, please contact us immediately using the contact information provided at the end of this privacy policy so that we can take appropriate measures to protect your information security.
6、 Protection of Minors
IQiyi Group has always attached great importance to the protection of minors and is committed to fulfilling our corporate social responsibility.
If you are a minor, you should first obtain the consent of your guardian (including this policy), and use and submit personal information under the guidance and consent of your guardian.
If you are a child under the age of 14, please notify your guardian to read our "iQiyi Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" before using our services. After obtaining authorization and consent from your guardian, please use our products and/or services under their guidance.
For the use of our products and/or services with the consent of a guardian, we will only collect, use, share, transfer or publicly disclose them as permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of the guardian, or as necessary to protect minors.
For more information about our handling and protection rules for children's personal information, please refer to the "iQiyi Children's Personal Information Protection Rules".
To better protect minors, we offer a 'youth mode' within our products.
We will ask you if you have enabled the youth mode when you enter our product. At the same time, you can also set whether to turn on the youth mode in our product, for example, in the iQiyi App, select "My Settings Youth Guardian Center Youth Mode" to turn it on or off. After the teenage mode is turned on, you will only be able to watch some content, and there are restrictions on the duration and time period of use.
7、 Update of this policy
We encourage you to carefully review our iQiyi Privacy Policy before using our products or services. In order to provide you with better service, we will update the terms of this policy based on product updates and relevant legal requirements. This update constitutes a part of this policy. We will remind you of the updated content through internal messages or other appropriate means, so that you can keep up with the latest version of this policy in a timely manner. If the update involves significant changes, we will notify you through appropriate means (such as internal messages, website announcements, etc.) before this policy takes effect, so that you can timely understand the latest version of this privacy policy. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce or infringe upon your personal rights and interests under this policy.
8、 How to contact us
If you have any complaints, suggestions, or questions regarding the implementation of this policy or our privacy protection, you can contact us through the following methods, and we will reply to you within 15 working days after verifying your user identity:
1. Dedicated email channel: To better protect your rights, we have set up a dedicated email channel privacy@qiyi.com Email, you can contact us through this email;
2. Personal Information Protection Officer: You can send an email to privacy@qiyi.com Or write to the following address to contact them: Personal Information Protection Specialist, Legal Department, 2nd Floor, iQiyi Innovation Building, 365 Linhong Road, Changning District, Shanghai (to be received); Postal Code: 200335;
3. Online customer service/other online feedback channels: You can contact the online customer service on our platform's product function page or submit feedback online;
4. Manual customer service channel: You can call any of our customer service phone numbers to contact us.
IQiyi
