Privacy Policy
To view a list of privacy policies for each jurisdiction, please click here.
Last Updated: June 26, 2024
Airbnb aims to help establish connections between people, making the world more open and inclusive. In short, Airbnb's mission is to build a world of 'home in all directions'. This is a community based on trust. The fundamental aspect of winning your trust is to clarify how we use your information and protect your privacy rights.
This privacy policy describes how Airbnb, Inc. and its affiliates ("we" or "Airbnb") handle personal information generated when you use the Airbnb platform. Based on your place of residence and your activities on the Airbnb platform, the supplementary privacy policy listed below may also apply to you. Please click on the following link to view additional information on how we handle personal information related to the respective regions and services.
If you reside outside of the United States, such as in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), please visit our "Outside of the United States" page for important supplementary information that may apply to you.
If you reside in the United States, please visit our 'State Supplementary Policies' page to learn about important supplementary information that may apply to you.
If you reside within the territory of the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan for the purposes of this privacy policy) ("China"), please visit our "China User Privacy Supplemental Terms" page to learn about important information that may apply to you.
1. Personal information we collect
2. How do we use the collected information
3. Sharing and Disclosure
4. Third party partners and integration
5. Your rights
6. Safety
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
8. Contact information and Airbnb responsible entity
9. Definition
1. The personal information we collect.
1.1 Information required for using the Airbnb platform. When you use the Airbnb platform, we collect personal information about you. Without this information, we may not be able to provide you with all the services you have requested. These pieces of information include:
1.1.1 Contact information, account and personal profile information. For example, your first name, last name, phone number, postal address, email address, date of birth, and personal profile photo, some of which depend on the features you are using.
1.1.2 Identity information. In appropriate circumstances, we may require you to provide photos and/or selfies of government issued identification documents (in accordance with applicable laws) or other verification information when verifying your identity. If you provide us with a copy of your identification document, we will obtain the information from it. Please refer to our help center article on identity authentication.
1.1.3 Payment Information. Such as payment account or bank account information. If you are not an Airbnb user, we may also receive payment information related to you, such as when an Airbnb user provides your bank card to complete a booking. Please refer to our Help Center article on making and receiving payments on behalf of others.
1.2 The information you choose to provide to us. You can choose to provide us with additional personal information, including:
1.2.1 Other personal profile information. Such as gender, preferred language, city, and personal description.
1.2.2 Information about others. For example, payment tools or contact information belonging to others, or information about fellow travelers. By providing us with personal information about others, you certify that you have the right to provide this information to Airbnb for the purposes described in this privacy policy, and that you have shared Airbnb's privacy policy with them.
1.2.3 Biometric information. Like facial recognition data, these data are derived from photos and identification documents that you submit for verification as required by applicable laws and with your consent.
1.2.4 Other information. For example, when you fill out forms, add information to your account, answer surveys, post content on community forums, participate in promotional activities, communicate with Airbnb customer service and other members, import or manually enter contacts in your address book, provide your address and/or geographic location, or share your experience with us. This may include the health information you choose to share with us.
1.3 The information we automatically collect when you use the Airbnb platform and payment services. When you use the Airbnb platform and payment services, we automatically collect certain information. This information may include:
1.3.1 Geographic location information. For example, precise or rough location information, which is determined by your IP address, GPS of your mobile or other device, or other information shared with us, depending on your device settings. If you enable geographic location information through settings or device permissions, we may also collect this information when you are not using the Airbnb app.
1.3.2 Use of Information. For example, searching for listings, your bookings, other services you have added, visit dates and times, pages you have viewed or operated on before or after using the Airbnb platform, and other actions you have taken on the Airbnb platform, including pages or content you have viewed, as well as third-party application links you have clicked on. Even if you have not created or logged into an Airbnb account, we may still collect such information.
1.3.3 Equipment information. For example, IP address, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, and read receipts. Even if you have not created or logged into an Airbnb account, we may still collect such information.
1.3.4 Cookies and similar technologies, please refer to our Cookie Policy for details.
1.3.5 Payment transaction information. For example, the payment tool used, date and time, payment amount, payment tool expiration date and billing zip code, PayPal email address, IBAN information, your address, and other relevant transaction details.
1.4 Information we collect through third parties. We may collect personal information through other sources, such as:
1.4.1 Third party applications. If you choose to use third-party services such as Google, Facebook, and WeChat
By associating, connecting, or logging into the Airbnb platform, it means that you instruct the service to send us relevant information, such as your registration information, friend list, and personal profile information, which is controlled by the service or authorized by you through the privacy settings of the relevant service. If you choose to associate the smart door lock with your Airbnb account, we may collect information about the smart device, such as logs or event information and device information.
1.4.2 Background information provider. For members in the United States, within the scope permitted by applicable laws, we may obtain reports on criminal records, sex offender registrations, and other information related to you and/or your background. For landlords/hosts in India, we may conduct criminal background checks within the scope permitted by applicable laws. For members outside the United States, we may obtain reports from local police investigations, background checks, or investigations into sexual offenders, as permitted by applicable laws and with your consent when necessary. We may use your information (including your full name and date of birth) to obtain such reports.
1.4.3 Enterprise product invitation and customer management. Organizations using our enterprise products may submit personal information for customer management and invitation to use the enterprise products.
1.4.4 Invited friends and companions. If you are invited to join the Airbnb platform, such as as as a fellow traveler, your inviter can submit your personal information.
1.4.5 Tenant travel insurance partners. If you make a claim based on the tenant travel insurance policy, we may receive information related to your claim in order to provide you with customer service and improve our platform.
1.4.6 Complainant. If the landlord/host, tenant/experience participant, or any third party submits a complaint about you, we may receive information related to the specific complaint in order to understand and resolve it appropriately.
1.4.7 Financial institutions. If you choose to make payment using funds in your bank account, we may receive certain information from your financial institution, such as bank account details and account balance.
1.4.8 Flexible payment plans and financing providers. If you choose to place an order and make payment using an installment plan, we may receive certain information from third-party providers, such as payment schedules and actual payments for authorized payment plans.
1.4.9 Other sources. Within the scope permitted by applicable laws, we may receive other information about you from (i) third-party service providers, other third parties and/or partners, or (ii) members and any other individuals, entities, and regulatory authorities, such as invitees, demographic data, and information used to help detect fraud and security issues, and integrate it with the information we have about you. For example, we may receive background check results or fraud warnings from identity verification service providers to prevent fraud, conduct security investigations, and conduct risk assessments. We may obtain your information and activity information both inside and outside the Airbnb platform through our partners, including information from Airbnb users, members of the public, or government, public, or tax authorities, or information about your experiences and interactions with our partners. We may receive health information, including but not limited to health information related to infectious diseases.
2. How do we use the information we collect. We will use your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. If you reside outside the United States, please click here to learn about the legal basis for our collection and processing of personal information.
2.1 Provide, improve, and develop the Airbnb platform. We may use this type of information for:
Enable you to access the Airbnb platform and make payments;
Enable you to communicate and interact with others;
Handling your request;
Perform analysis, debugging, and research;
Develop and improve our products and services;
Provide customer service training;
Sending you messages, updates, security reminders, and account notifications;
Handling or evaluating insurance claims or similar claims;
Based on the automated review of your account information and your interaction with the Airbnb platform, determine your country/region of residence;
Based on your interaction with the Airbnb platform, your search and booking history, your personal profile information and preferences, and other content you submit, we provide you with personalized and customized experiences; as well as
Enable you to use our products and accommodation services.
2.2 Protecting the Airbnb platform and community. We process this type of information for:
Based on our non discrimination policy research and prevention of discriminatory behavior;
Detecting, preventing, assessing, and addressing fraud and security risks;
Confirm or verify the information you provide, including the identity information described in "Information Required for Using the Airbnb Platform";
Conduct information verification and background checks using databases and other sources of information;
Fulfill our legal obligations to protect the health and well-being of guests/experience participants, landlords/hosts and their employees, and the public;
Resolve disputes with our members, including sharing information regarding disputes related to your role as a homeowner/collaborator or additional guest/experience participant;
Execute our agreements with third parties;
Determine eligibility for certain types of bookings (such as flash bookings);
Comply with the law, respond to legal requirements, prevent harm, and protect our rights (see "Comply with the law, respond to legal requirements, prevent harm, and protect our rights");
Implement our terms and other policies, such as our non discrimination policy; as well as
Evaluate your interaction with the Airbnb platform and the information obtained from third parties.
In some cases, we use automated processes to analyze your account, activities on the Airbnb platform, and information related to your activities both on and off the Airbnb platform. If the process detects activities that may pose security or other risks to the Airbnb platform, our community, or third parties, it may restrict or suspend your access to the Airbnb platform. You can further understand how our system determines whether certain orders pose a higher event risk here. If you have any objections to decisions made based on automated processes, please contact us using the information provided in the "Contact Information" section.
2.3 Provide, personalize, evaluate, and improve our
Advertising and marketing activities. We may use this type of information for:
Sending you promotional and marketing messages, as well as other information;
Display, personalize, measure, and improve our advertisements on advertising platforms;
Manage recommendation programs, rewards, surveys, lotteries, competitions, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Airbnb or our third-party partners;
Analyze characteristics and preferences, send you promotional messages, marketing information, advertising information, and other information that we believe may be of interest to you; as well as
Inviting you to participate in activities and take advantage of relevant opportunities.
2.4 Analyze and share your communication content. We may review, browse, or analyze your communication content on the Airbnb platform for fraud prevention, security investigation, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, product development, research, analysis, enforcement of our terms of service, and customer support purposes, as outlined in the "How We Use Collected Information" section of this policy. For example, to prevent fraud, we review and analyze information to hide contact information and information pointing to other websites. Subject to compliance with applicable laws, we scan and analyze all images uploaded by users to the Airbnb platform in message records, personal profiles, listings, and experiences to identify and report content violations to relevant authorities. In some cases, we may also review, audit, or analyze information for debugging, improving, and expanding product services. We will use automated methods where reasonably feasible. Sometimes we still need to manually review some communications for fraud investigation, customer support, or evaluating improvements to automated tool functionality. We will not audit, review, or analyze the content of your communications for the purpose of sending third-party marketing information, nor will we sell the audit or analysis results of these communications. We may also share your communication content, as described in the "Sharing and Disclosure" section.
2.5 Provide payment services. We can use personal information to allow or authorize third parties to use payment services, such as:
Detect and prevent the occurrence of money laundering, fraud, abuse, and security vulnerabilities, and conduct risk assessments;
Fulfill legal and compliance obligations (such as anti money laundering regulations and sanctions enforcement);
Implement payment terms and other payment policies; as well as
Provide and improve payment services.
3. Sharing and Disclosure. If your place of residence is not in the United States, please click here to learn about the safeguards we rely on when transmitting personal information to recipients outside of certain jurisdictions.
3.1 Share with your consent or according to your instructions. When you agree or instruct us to share your information, we will share your information in the manner described in your agreement or choice, such as when you authorize third-party applications or websites to access your Airbnb account, when you process insurance claims, when you apply for flexible payment and financing products, or when you participate in promotional activities conducted by Airbnb partners or third parties.
3.2 Who do we share with. We may share your information with the following entities:
3.2.1 Other members. For the convenience of booking or other interactions among members (who may be located in jurisdictions with different levels of data protection or use service providers located in jurisdictions with different levels of data protection), we may share information in certain circumstances, as described in the sharing and disclosure of information with other members.
3.2.2 Membership service providers. Landlords/hosts may use third-party services to assist in managing or providing their services, such as cleaning services or door lock suppliers. Landlords/hosts can use the features of the Airbnb platform to share guest/experience participant information with such third-party service providers. Other members may use services outside of Airbnb to process your data, including email or order management software. This type of service is not under the control of Airbnb and is subject to applicable laws.
3.2.3 Property Manager. We may share personal information of landlords and tenants, including order information and information related to compliance with applicable laws, with owners, owners' associations, and/or their agents, such as building operators or property management companies (collectively referred to as "property managers"), to facilitate the implementation of property managers' relevant plans. We may share tenant reservations and personal information (including tenant contact information) with property managers in the building, community, or neighborhood where the landlord resides and/or where the property is located, in order to facilitate the provision of residential facility services, compliance with applicable laws, security, fees, and other services.
3.2.4 Business Airbnb partners. If an order is designated for business or work purposes and booked by a guest/experience participant associated with a company registered to join Business Airbnb, we may disclose information related to the order to the company to the extent necessary to fully fulfill the contract and provide services between Airbnb and the company. At the request of the enterprise or guests/experience participants, we may also share this information with third parties hired by the enterprise to provide support services.
3.2.5 Service providers. We share personal information with affiliated and non affiliated service providers (including their service providers) to assist us in conducting business and meeting their compliance, including helping us: (i) verify your identity or identify your identification documents, (ii) check information against public databases, (iii) conduct background checks, fraud prevention, security investigations, and risk assessments, (iv) develop, maintain, and debug products, (v) allow Airbnb services to be provided through third-party platforms and software tools, (vi) provide customer service, advertising, or payment services (for more information, please refer to Citibank's privacy policy and Payoneer's privacy policy), (vii) provide other services of your choice, (vii) process or evaluate insurance Claims or similar claims, (ix) reviewed for specific purposes (such as evidence of child exploitation) Scan and analyze communications on the Airbnb platform, or (x) provide flexible payment plans and financing provided by third-party credit providers. For more information, please refer to the "Analyzing and Sharing Your Communications" section. These providers have a contractual obligation to protect your personal information, have the right to access your personal information to perform these tasks, and may be required by law
Disclose your information under certain circumstances.
3.2.6 Affiliated Companies. In order to support us in providing, integrating, promoting, and improving the services of the Airbnb platform, payment services, and affiliated companies, we may share personal information among our affiliated companies, including:
3.2.6 (i) Airbnb, Inc. Even if your country/region of residence is not the United States, your information will be shared with Airbnb, Inc., which provides the technical infrastructure for the Airbnb platform.
3.2.6 (ii) Airbnb payment entity. In order to facilitate your payment on or through the Airbnb platform, we will share certain information described in the "US Overseas" and "China User Privacy Supplemental Terms" sections with relevant Airbnb payment entities.
3.2.6 (iii) Airbnb Insurance Agency Affiliated Companies. If you choose to purchase travel insurance and assistance services or order insurance, in order to provide policies and market insurance products, we will share specific information with (i) Airbnb Insurance Agency LLC (if you reside in the United States) or (ii) related Airbnb insurance agency affiliates (if you reside outside the United States), such as order details, guest/experience participant names, and contact information.
3.2.6 (iv) Airbnb Ireland UC. Even if your country/region of residence is not in the European Economic Area, your information may still be shared with Airbnb Ireland UC, which provides customer support and other business operations services to other Airbnb entities and discloses your information in accordance with the "Compliance with Laws, Response to Legal Requirements, Prevention of Harm, and Protection of Our Rights" section.
3.2.6 (v) Airbnb GSL. Even if your country/region of residence is not Japan, your information may still be shared with Airbnb GSL, which provides customer support and other business operations services to other Airbnb entities.
3.2.6 (vi) Airbnb China. If you have (i) created a property/experience in China, (ii) inquired about or booked host/experience services located in China, or (iii) sent a message to a host/experience about their property/experience in China, then the information you provided has been shared with Airbnb China as described in the previous version of this privacy policy. Similar to other hotels, accommodations, or short-term rental companies operating in China, Airbnb China will disclose your aforementioned information to the Chinese government without further notice. Your information may also be shared with service providers (including those in China) to assist us in conducting business. Our service providers may also disclose your information as required by law.
3.3 Why may we share your information. We may share your information for the following purposes:
3.3.1 Establish your public personal information. Third party search engines may index the information you publicly share on the Airbnb platform. In some cases, you can choose not to use this sharing feature in your account settings. We may disclose certain information to others, such as:
Your personal information and account details, as well as any information derived from them, as described herein;
The property/experience page includes the following information: the approximate or exact location of the property or experience, available booking dates, personal profile picture, summarized demand information, and other information you choose to share;
Evaluation, rating, and other public feedback; as well as
The content in community or forum, blog or social media posts, as well as the content you choose to publicly display, including housing/experience details on third-party websites, platforms and applications.
3.3.2 Comply with laws, respond to legal requirements, prevent infringement, and protect our rights.
3.3.2 (i) Disclosure. We may disclose your information to courts, law enforcement agencies, government or public authorities, tax authorities, authorized third parties, or other members when required or permitted by law or when disclosure is reasonable and necessary, in order to: (i) comply with our legal obligations; (ii) Comply with effective legal requirements, such as subpoenas or court orders; Or respond to claims against Airbnb; (iii) Respond to effective legal requirements related to criminal investigations to address suspected or suspected illegal activities, or respond to or address any other activities that may expose us, you, or any of our other users to legal or regulatory liability (details of Airbnb enforcement guidelines can be found here); (iv) To execute and manage the agreements we have signed with our members, including our terms, supplementary legal provisions, and policies; (v) Responding to current or potential legal claims or lawsuits against Airbnb and/or third parties in accordance with applicable laws, or (vi) protecting the rights, property, or personal safety of Airbnb, its employees, members, or the public.
3.3.2 (i) (a) To the tax authorities. Where required or permitted by applicable laws, we may disclose information about landlords/hosts and/or tenants/participants to relevant tax authorities or other government agencies, depending on your location, in order for tax authorities to determine whether relevant tax obligations have been correctly complied with. For more information, please visit our Help Center.
3.3.2 (i) (b) Provide registration, notification, license or permit application or number to government departments. In jurisdictions where Airbnb assists or requires hosts/hosts to submit registration, notification, licensing, or permit applications to government agencies, we may share information about participating hosts/hosts during the application process, when the property/experience is published, and periodically thereafter with relevant authorities.
3.3.2 (ii) Notification. We will inform members of legal requirements when appropriate and/or required by law, unless: (i) legal proceedings, court orders we receive, or applicable laws prohibit us from notifying; Or (ii) we believe that issuing a notice may be meaningless, ineffective, and may have an impact on individuals or groups
The risk of causing harm or personal injury, or constituting or increasing the risk of fraud or injury to Airbnb or our members, or exposing Airbnb to charges of obstruction of justice.
3.3.3 Implement business transfer. If Airbnb engages in or participates in any merger, acquisition, restructuring, asset sale, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, we may sell, transfer, or share some or all of our assets, including selling, transferring, or sharing your information with or in order to complete such transactions (such as due diligence). In this case, we will notify you before transferring your personal information and other privacy policies apply to that information.
4. Third party partners and integration.
4.1 Associate with third-party services. You can associate your Airbnb account with third-party services such as social networking sites. When you create such associations to indicate data sharing:
Some of the information you provide to us through associated accounts may be published in your Airbnb account profile;
In order to prevent fraud, conduct security investigations, and conduct risk assessments, we may store, process, and transmit the information you provide through account binding;
We will share your order information with third-party travel partners and reward programs; as well as
The publication and display of the information you provide to Airbnb through this association depend on your settings and authorizations on the Airbnb platform and third-party services.
4.2 Third Party Service Terms. Some components of Airbnb may be associated with third-party services. Airbnb does not own or control these third parties. When you interact with these third parties and choose to use their services, you are providing them with your information. The use of such services is subject to the privacy policies of the respective providers, such as the Google Maps/Earth Additional Terms of Use, Google Privacy Policy (for detailed information on how Google uses information, please refer here), PayPal Privacy Statement, Klarna Privacy Policy, and Stripe Privacy Policy.
5. Your rights. You may exercise any rights described in this section in accordance with applicable laws. Please refer to this for information on data subject rights requests and how to submit requests. Before taking further action based on your request, we may require you to verify your identity and request.
5.1 EU and Brazilian residents. To learn about the rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), please visit here.
5.2 Chinese residents. Please further understand your relevant rights here.
5.3 Manage your information. You can access and update some of your information through your account settings. You are responsible for updating your personal information in a timely manner.
5.4 Access and Portability. In some jurisdictions, applicable laws may grant you the right to request copies of certain of your personal information or information about how we handle your personal information, to request copies of the personal information you provide to us in a structured, universal, machine-readable format, and/or, where technically feasible, to request that we transfer this information to other service providers.
5.5 Delete. In certain jurisdictions, you may request the deletion of your personal information. Please note that if you request the deletion of your personal information, or if your account is suspended, terminated, or voluntarily closed:
5.5.1 Legitimate commercial interests. For legitimate business purposes such as preventing money laundering, fraud detection and prevention, and enhancing security, we may retain personal information when necessary. For example, if we deactivate an Airbnb account for fraud or security reasons, we may retain the information of that Airbnb account to prevent the member from registering a new Airbnb account in the future.
5.5.2 Legal, tax, reporting, and auditing obligations. We may retain and use your personal information as necessary to fulfill legal, tax, reporting, and auditing obligations.
5.5.3 Sharing Information. Even if your Airbnb account is deactivated, the information you share with others, such as reviews and forum posts, may still be publicly displayed on the Airbnb platform.
5.5.4 Retain copies. Due to necessary measures taken to prevent accidental or intentional data loss and destruction, the retained copy of your information may not be deleted from our backup system for a limited period of time.
6. Safety. Although no organization can guarantee absolute security, we will continuously implement and update management, technical, and physical security measures to ensure that your information is protected from illegal or unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy. Airbnb reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time in accordance with applicable laws. If Airbnb makes changes to its privacy policy, we will publish the revised privacy policy on the website page and update the "Last Updated Date" at the top of the page. If there are significant changes to the policy, we will also send you a notification of the modifications via email at least thirty (30) days before the policy takes effect. If you do not agree with the revised privacy policy, you can cancel your account. If you do not cancel your account before the revised privacy policy takes effect and continue to access or use the Airbnb platform, it means that you accept the revised privacy policy.
8. Contact information and Airbnb responsible entity. Regarding issues or complaints regarding this privacy policy or Airbnb's handling of personal information: (i) If you reside in the United States, please contact Airbnb, Inc., Legal Privacy, 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 USA， Or send an email to dpo@airbnb.com , or call us through the toll free number (844) 234-2500; (ii) For payment related matters, please use the contact information provided on the payment service terms page; (iii) If you reside outside the United States, please use the controller contact information provided on the page outside the United States. (iv) If you reside in China, please use the China User Privacy Supplemental Terms page
The controller contact information provided on the surface.
9. Definition. The undefined terms in this privacy policy have the same definitions as those in our Terms of Service ("Terms").
