Historical versions>>
Monkey Tutoring Privacy Policy
）Fully aware of personal information (as described in this policy)
Personal sensitive information
The content included comes from
The importance of the Personal Information Security Regulations to you, and we appreciate your trust in us. We will take corresponding security measures in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and do our best to protect the security and controllability of your personal information. Based on this,
Beijing Yuanfudao Online Subject Training School (hereinafter referred to as "Beijing Yuanfudao Online Subject Training School") is a provider of learning platform products and services
Ape Tutoring School
）Develop this Privacy Policy. This policy mainly explains to you what information we collect, the purpose of the collected information, the rights you enjoy, and declares our commitment to protecting personal privacy. We may update or modify this policy in the future based on changes in information processing scenarios. Please be aware of this policy and any supplementary policies before using any services provided by Yuanfudao.
This policy applies to
Learning platform products and services,
We will adhere to the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of openness and transparency, the principle of ensuring security, and the principle of subject participation. At the same time, we promise to take corresponding security measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information. in use
Before learning about platform products or services, please carefully read and understand all the contents of this policy. Once you start using
Learning platform products or services means that you have fully understood and agreed to this policy.
If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, please contact us through the means provided at the end of the article.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 Definition and Scope of Personal Information
2、 How we use and collect your personal information
3、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
4、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
5、 How do we protect your personal information
6、 Your rights
7、 How do we protect and handle the personal information of minors
8、 How can your personal information be transferred globally
9、 How to update this privacy policy
10、 Dispute Resolution
11、 How to contact us
Release date of this version:
Effective Date:
1、 Definition and Scope of Personal Information
（1） Personal information: refers to information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
（2） Personal sensitive information: including ID number, personal biometric information, bank account number, property information, whereabouts, transaction information, personal information of children under 14 years old (including), etc.
（3） The personal information and sensitive personal information covered in this privacy policy mainly include:
1. Basic information: name, gender, personal phone number, mailing address;
2. Network identity identification information (system account (including third-party), IP address, and passwords related to the above), nickname, avatar;
3. Ape Tutoring usage data (browsing and clicking records, software usage records, content input through sensors such as microphones or cameras);
4. Personal commonly used device information (hardware model, operating system type, device identifier (such as Android ID/IMEI/OAID/ISMI/IDA/MAC));
5. Equipment application installation information;
6. Record of fund flow generated by using third-party services.
2、 How we use and collect your personal information
We will collect and use your personal information for the following purposes as described in this policy:
1. Help you become a user of "Ape Tutoring"
Learning platform, you need to first become
As a registered user, in order for us to provide you with membership services, you need to provide the phone number used to register and log in to your Yuanfudao account, the name or nickname, avatar, grade level, and basic school information filled in by the user, and create a
Learning platform account and password. After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will anonymize your personal information in accordance with legal requirements.
2. Provide you with products or services
(1) User Experience Improvement Plan
Ape Tutoring School will be based on your understanding
The use of subsequent versions of products from Yuanfudao School will be deemed as your consent to the relevant changes at that time.
(2) Carry out marketing activities
When you choose to participate in our marketing activities, your personal information and third-party payment service account may be used according to the needs of the event. But these pieces of information are necessary for you to receive the transfer or gift. If you refuse to provide this information, we may not be able to transfer funds or distribute gifts to you.
(3) Customer service and after-sales service
Our customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information to provide you with consultation services.
When we establish contact with you, we may save your communication or call records and content, or the contact information you left, in order to help you solve problems or record the solutions and results of related issues. Our customer service will use your account information to verify your identity with you. You may provide additional information beyond the above when communicating with our customer service personnel.
(4) Basic business functions and additional business functions
Our basic business functions include:
When using certain core features of Yuanfudao, you need to complete registration and login first. Both registration and login require you to provide your phone number. At the same time, we also support a more convenient and efficient shared login method. That is, if other products under Yuanfudao (Xiaoyuan Search Question, Yuanfudu) are installed on the device and have completed registration and login in that product, we will use the corresponding registered phone number to directly complete the login for you and inform you. To complete the shared login, you need to read your device's application list. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to complete the registration and login process.
You can choose whether to complete your personal information on Yuanfudao, and upload and edit your profile picture, name, grade, school, and address information on your own. The upload avatar function requires obtaining your camera and photo album permissions. When selecting courses, you can choose to automatically obtain your geographic location information to help filter local courses, or manually enter it for filtering. When setting up schools, you can choose to automatically obtain your geographic location information to help filter schools
You can also manually input for filtering. If you do not obtain the above information or permissions, the personal information displayed on your profile page will be incomplete.
When you purchase course products from Yuanfudao, you need to provide the name, address information, and contact information of the contact person. If the above information is not provided, the course may not be successfully purchased.
When you use the mailing service (such as mailing course materials) on Yuanfudao, you need to provide the recipient's name, phone number, and mailing address so that your order can be safely and accurately delivered. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to mail the course materials to you.
You can pay via WeChat, Alipay
Recharge the balance of Yuanfudao through wallet, CMB One Stop, and other methods. If you need to withdraw the balance in your account, Yuanfudao's order information and reconciliation information will be shared with these payment institutions to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. If the above information is not provided, it may not be possible to complete the order payment.
Balance recharging and withdrawal (applicable to original users who have balance): You can use WeChat payment, Alipay
Recharge the balance of Yuanfudao through wallet, CMB One Stop Network, etc. If you need to withdraw the balance in your account, you need to provide your Yuanfudao account and bank card information (account number, cardholder name, bank name) to customer service. If you refuse to provide the above information, you may not be able to recharge or withdraw.
You can watch live broadcasts and replay videos of the courses you have purchased, and participate in interactive teaching with the instructor during the live broadcast, such as reading aloud and voice commands
Make a video call and speak in the discussion forum. To participate in these interactions, you need to obtain permission for your microphone and camera. The discussion area will display the nickname you have filled in and the message content you have posted. In the group classroom, in order to better understand your class status, you can choose to turn on the camera. After turning on the camera, the speaker and tutor will see your video footage. At the same time, in order to review your performance in class and provide post class feedback and follow-up, we will save and replay your class videos.
After the teacher assigns the questions, you can directly access them on the Yuanfudao mobile phone
Answer the question and receive the teacher's correction. The answer format supports students to choose answers, input text, and take photos to upload images. This process requires obtaining your permission to take photos.
After the instructor assigns the content, you can directly participate in Yuanfudao
Complete the learning process and receive feedback from the teacher. You can also share the uploaded or posted content on other social media platforms. During the upload process, we need to collect your nickname and avatar information. During the recording process, we will request your authorization for camera, photo, microphone, and screen recording permissions.
During the course learning process, there will be exams or classroom quizzes, and the course requires your permission to take photos during the answering process.
Before purchasing a course, you can choose whether to participate in a learning ability test for a certain subject. After completing the answer, the system will determine the corresponding score. Yuanfudao will save the score and recommend suitable courses based on it. If you refuse to provide us with the above information, we will not be able to recommend suitable courses for you.
Our additional business features include:
For the convenience of reviewing course videos at any time, you can download live course videos that have ended for free to your local client, and you can also delete videos downloaded locally. This service requires access to read, modify, or delete your
Permission for the content in the card.
After the live broadcast of the course you have registered for, you can give an overall evaluation of the course or leave a comment. When you actively evaluate the course on Yuanfudao, we will collect the information you have posted and display your profile picture, name, grade level, school, and content. If you refuse us to obtain the above information, you will not be able to publish course evaluation information normally.
You can follow the teacher on your own
In the function, see the information posted by the teacher and make comments, likes, and interactions. When you actively comment on teacher updates, we will collect the information you have posted and display your profile picture, name, grade level, school, and the content you have posted. If you refuse us to obtain the above information, you will not be able to comment on the teacher's updates.
You can use gold coins to exchange for learning tools and peripheral products of Yuanfudao in the gold coin mall, and mail them to the merchant
The product requires you to provide the recipient's name, phone number, and mailing address so that the exchanged goods can be safely and accurately delivered. If you refuse to provide the above information, the exchanged goods will not be delivered accurately.
(5) Provide personalized services
To enhance your service experience, we recommend higher quality products for you
Or suitable services, we
Based on your encrypted
Like communication operators
At the same time, we may also utilize data from third-party organizations (including China Mobile, China Unicom operators and their subsidiaries) for big data cooperation such as user tag matching, joint modeling, and federated learning, in order to optimize the service experience.
3. Provide you with security protection guarantee
Your network identity information helps you maintain the normal use and security of the software.
We will ask you through a pop-up window if you can obtain the corresponding permissions. Only after you choose to agree will we enable the corresponding permissions for you and accept your personal information.
You can open the device microphone permission for voice input (voice messages, voice searches), during which we use your voice content to process the necessary data for this Yuanfudao to meet your software usage needs.
We will receive and record your personal commonly used device information based on the specific permissions granted during software installation and use: operating system version, device identifier (such as Android ID/IMEI/OAID/ISMI/IDA/MAC), sensor input information (such as cameras and microphones), device location related information (such as IP address, MAC, and Wi Fi access points that can provide relevant information, Bluetooth information, sensor input information).
Personal information anonymization processing: After collecting your personal information, we will promptly anonymize the data through technical means. We will store anonymized data separately from information that can be used to reply and identify individuals, and ensure that individuals are not re identified in subsequent personal information processing. Monkey Tutoring School has the right to anonymize the number of users without disclosing your personal information
Mining, analyzing, and utilizing databases (including commercial use).
If we use your personal information for purposes or scope other than those specified in the policy, or for transmission methods that are inconsistent with the use for data collection, we will notify you and obtain your consent.
4. Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information without your consent in the following situations:
(1) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
(5) The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(6) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(7) Necessary to sign and fulfill the contract according to your requirements;
(8) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting or handling product or service failures;
(9) Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
3、 How do we use cookies, clickstream, web, and similar technologies
In order to provide you with a more convenient access experience, when you access the "Yuanfudao" learning platform products or services, we may collect and store relevant data of your access to the "Yuanfudao" learning platform services through various technologies. This can identify your identity, help you save the step of repeatedly entering registration information, or help determine the security status of your account. These data files may be cookies clickstream、web， And other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (hereinafter referred to as "cookies"). Please understand that some of our services can only be implemented through the use of cookies. If allowed by your browser or browser add-on services. The "Help" section in most browser toolbars will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to make your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to completely turn off cookies. In addition, you can turn off or delete Flash cookies and similar data used by browser add ons by changing their settings or by accessing the provider's webpage. You can modify your acceptance level of cookies or refuse cookies from the "Yuanfudao" learning platform, but refusing cookies from the "Yuanfudao" learning platform may prevent you from using some functions of the "Yuanfudao" learning platform services that rely on cookies in certain situations.
Our website may also contain some electronic images (including "web beacons" or "single pixel GIF files"), which can help the website calculate the number of users browsing the webpage or accessing certain cookies. We will collect information about your browsing activity through web beacons (the page address you visited, the location of the referenced page you previously visited, your browsing environment, and display settings).
4、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual other than us and our affiliates, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
2. Provide to external parties as required by laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
3. Comply with the relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents provided;
4. We may share your personal information with our affiliates. But we will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will seek your authorization and consent again.
5. To handle disputes or controversies between you and others at your request;
6. Sharing with authorized partners: Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, in order to protect the interests, property or safety of Yuanfudao School, Yuanfudao School's partners, you or other Yuanfudao School users, or the public, we only provide certain services jointly with authorized contract partners to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. We will carefully evaluate the purpose of our partners' use of shared information and conduct a comprehensive assessment of their security capabilities. We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software tool development packages (click to view SDK details, which will collect sensor information, device serial numbers, Android IDs, etc.) and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by our partners to obtain information, in order to protect data security. We have signed a contract with our partner to clarify the obligations and responsibilities of both parties, and to clarify that our partner has no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. For partners who are unable to sign contracts and have an impact on users during use, Yuanfudao School will bear full responsibility.
Our authorized partners include the following types:
(1) Suppliers of goods or technical services. We may share your personal information with third parties who support our functionality. These supports include providing us with payment services, data processing, etc. The purpose of sharing this information is to enable us to achieve the core functions of our products and/or services;
(2) Third party merchants. We must share the necessary information you need to achieve our operational purposes with third-party merchants and enable them to complete subsequent services;
Conduct feature analysis on your internet preferences, communication habits, etc
And user profile
May form group characteristics based on your information
, without targeting specific features, we provide you with
Notification of activities that may be of interest to them
To achieve optimization
And the purpose of market research.
May call
China Mobile, China Unicom operators and their
Add relevant user tags
Collaborate on big data such as collaborative modeling, federated learning, etc. to achieve the goal of optimizing service experience.
Your network identity information helps you maintain the normal use and security of the software.
We will ask you through a pop-up window if you can obtain the corresponding permissions. Only after you choose to agree will we enable the corresponding permissions for you and accept your personal information.
You can open the device microphone permission for voice input (voice messages, voice searches), during which we use your voice content to process the necessary data for this Yuanfudao to meet your software usage needs.
We will receive and record your personal commonly used device information based on the specific permissions you grant during software installation and use, such as operating system version and device identifier (e.g
, as well as those who can provide relevant information
Bluetooth information, sensor input information).
Personal information anonymization processing: After collecting your personal information, we will promptly anonymize the data through technical means. We will store anonymized data separately from information that can be used to reply and identify individuals, and ensure that individuals are not re identified in subsequent personal information processing. On the premise of not disclosing your personal information, Yuanfudao School has the right to mine, analyze, and utilize (including commercial use) the anonymized user database.
If we use your personal information for purposes or scope other than those specified in the policy, or for transmission methods that are inconsistent with the use for data collection, we will notify you and obtain your consent.
According to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information without your consent in the following situations:
(4) We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
2. Provide information as required by laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
3. Comply with the relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents provided;
When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with industry standard security measures in place:
1. According to your needs, disclose the personal information you have specified in the disclosure method that you have explicitly agreed to;
2. In cases where it is required by laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements to provide your personal information, we may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required type and disclosure method.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, we do not need to obtain your prior authorization to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your information:
1. Directly related to national security and defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4. In order to safeguard your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
5. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
6. Relevant to the obligations of personal information controllers in accordance with laws and regulations;
7. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
We are responsible for sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information to the outside world, and assume corresponding legal responsibilities.
5、 How do we protect your personal information
1. We have implemented reasonable and feasible security measures to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
2. SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol encryption protection. When you send or receive information from your device or browser to our server, we ensure that it is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and other algorithms.
3. We will take reasonable and feasible measures to avoid collecting and processing irrelevant personal information as much as possible. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law, such as the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requiring the retention of product and service information and transaction information for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. We mainly refer to the following standards to determine the storage period of personal information, and the longer one shall prevail:
1. To complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
3. Ensure that we will continue to provide you with online education services during the period when your account has not been cancelled;
4. Do you agree to a longer retention period;
5. Are there any other special agreements regarding retention periods.
After exceeding the retention period, we will anonymize your information in accordance with applicable laws.
4. Your personal letter
All information is stored on secure servers and protected in controlled facilities. We classify your data based on importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your personal information has a reasonable level of security within the company. We guarantee that employees and third-party service providers who access this information to assist in providing products and services to you have strict contractual confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations may result in disciplinary action or termination of cooperation. Similarly, we have dedicated access control measures for cloud based data storage. In summary, we regularly review information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent any unauthorized access and use.
Although we have taken the above reasonable and effective measures and complied with the standards required by relevant laws and regulations, and passed the ISO27001 information security management system certification and the three-level evaluation of network security level protection, please understand that in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen the security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee the security of information, and we will try our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide us. You acknowledge and understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may experience issues due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your personal information such as account passwords to others. We will promptly notify relevant regulatory agencies of any personal data breaches and, in certain special circumstances, notify data subjects of relevant data breaches to comply with applicable laws, including data protection regulations in your location.
We are not responsible for the legality of the privacy policy of third-party websites that may be accessed. You should check the privacy policy of the third-party website and determine whether you accept it.
5. In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent or reduce risks, and remedial measures for you, in accordance with legal requirements and no later than 30 natural days. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
6、 Your rights
According to relevant laws, regulations, standards in China, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
1. Query access rights
You have the right to access or query your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise data query access, you can access it yourself through the following methods:
Account Information - If you wish to access your personal profile information in your account, you can check or access it by visiting "Yuanfudao" - "I" and clicking on your profile picture, or you can also check or access your personal information through "Yuanfudao" - "I" - "Customer Service Center".
2. Right to correction
When you find that there is an error in the personal information we process about you, you can modify it by logging in to "Yuanfudao" - "I" - "Nickname" - "Edit Profile", or you can correct your personal information through "Yuanfudao" - "I" - "Customer Service Center".
3. Deletion Right
You may request the deletion of personal information from us in the following situations:
(1) If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(3) If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
(4) If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
(5) If we no longer provide you with products or services;
(6) If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or if these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
You can delete your personal information through the following path: After entering Yuanfudao, click on "Me", click on "Customer Service Center", click on "Online Customer Service" to contact customer service and delete your personal information,
When information is deleted from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
4. Right to withdraw consent
You can obtain customer service contact information by logging in to "Yuanfudao" - "Me" - "Settings" - "About Yuanfudao", and call customer service to withdraw your consent to collect and use personal information. After withdrawing your consent, we will not process your personal information in the future. At the same time, we will safeguard your right to refuse to receive commercial advertisements pushed based on your personal information. When we share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information to others, we will provide you with a notice of withdrawal of consent. Withdrawing consent does not affect the processing of your personal information based on consent prior to withdrawal.
5. Right of cancellation
You can log in to "Yuanfudao" - "Me" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" - "Cancel Account" to view the cancellation details, and call customer service at 400-078-9100 (Monday to Sunday 8:00-22:30) to explain the cancellation requirements. We will arrange professional personnel to respond to the cancellation requirements. After canceling your account, we will cease to provide you with products or services and anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
6. Personal information subject obtains a copy of personal information
You have the right to log in to "Yuanfudao" - "Me" - Customer Service Center to perform this operation.
7. Responding to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will provide a response within fifteen days.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits,
We will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
8. In the following situations, we will not be able to respond to your above rights
(1) Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
）Directly related to national security and defense security;
）Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
）Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
）For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
）The personal information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
）Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
）Necessary to sign and fulfill the contract according to your requirements;
）Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting or handling product or service failures;
）Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
To provide you with a more relaxed access experience, please visit
When learning platform products or services, we may collect and store your access through various technologies
By studying the relevant data of platform services, we can identify your identity, save you the step of repeatedly entering registration information, or help determine the security status of your account. These data files may be
, as well as other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (hereinafter referred to as
）. Please understand that some of our services can only be accessed through the use of
Only then can it be realized. If allowed by your browser or browser add-on services. In most browser toolbars
Part of it will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new ones
How to make your browser receive a new message
Notify you promptly or how to completely shut down
. In addition, you can turn off or remove browser add ons by changing their settings or by accessing the provider's webpage
And similar data. You can modify it
The degree of acceptance or rejection
The Learning Platform
In some cases, you may not be able to use dependencies
Partial functions of learning platform services.
Our website may also contain some electronic images (including
）It can help websites calculate the number of users browsing web pages or accessing certain information
We will use the internet to
Collect information about your web browsing activities (the address of the page you visited, the location of the referenced pages you previously visited, your browsing environment, and display settings).
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual other than us and our affiliates, except in the following circumstances:
Obtaining your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
Provide to external parties as required by laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
Provided in accordance with relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
We may share your personal information with our affiliates. But we will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will seek your authorization and consent again.
To handle disputes or controversies between you and others at your request;
Sharing with authorized partners: Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, in order to protect the interests, property or safety of Yuanfudao School, Yuanfudao School's partners, you or other Yuanfudao School users, or the public, we only provide certain services jointly with authorized contract partners to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. We will carefully evaluate the purpose of the partner's use of shared information, conduct a comprehensive assessment of the partner's security capabilities, and develop software tool development packages for the partner to obtain information（
Click to view SDK details
Our authorized partners include the following types:
Suppliers of goods or technical services. We may share your personal information with third parties who support our functionality. These supports include providing us with payment services, data processing, etc. The purpose of sharing this information is to enable our products to
Or the core functions of the service;
Partners will help
Conduct feature analysis on your internet preferences, communication habits, etc
And the purpose of market research
We will only provide encrypted and anonymized information that cannot identify your identity to such service providers.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
Provide information as required by laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise
We will request the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with industry standard security measures in place:
According to your needs, disclose the personal information you have specified in the disclosure method that you have explicitly agreed to;
In cases where it is required by laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements to provide your personal information, we may disclose it publicly based on the type and disclosure method of the requested personal information
Disclose your personal information.
In the following situations, we do not need to obtain your prior authorization to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your information:
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
We are responsible for sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information to the outside world, and assume corresponding legal responsibilities.
We have implemented reasonable and feasible security measures to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
）Protocol encryption protection. When you send or receive information from your device or browser to our server, we ensure the use of Secure Socket Layer（
）Encrypt it with other algorithms.
We will take reasonable and feasible measures to avoid collecting and processing irrelevant personal information as much as possible. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law, such as the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requiring the retention of product and service information and transaction information for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction. We mainly refer to the following standards to determine the storage period of personal information, and the longer one shall prevail:
To complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records to respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
Ensure that we will continue to provide you with online education services during the period when your account has not been cancelled;
Do you agree to a longer retention period;
Are there any other special agreements regarding retention periods.
After exceeding the retention period, we will anonymize your information in accordance with applicable laws.
Your personal information is stored on secure servers and protected in controlled facilities. We classify your data based on importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your personal information has a reasonable level of security within the company. We guarantee that employees and third-party service providers who access this information to assist in providing products and services to you have strict contractual confidentiality obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations may result in disciplinary action or termination of cooperation. Similarly, we have dedicated access control measures for cloud based data storage. In summary, we regularly review information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent any unauthorized access and use.
Although we have taken the above reasonable and effective measures and complied with the standards required by relevant laws and regulations, and have passed
Information security management system certification and network security level protection three-level evaluation, but please understand that due to technical restrictions and possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security of information. We will try our best to ensure the security of personal information you provide us. You acknowledge and understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may experience issues due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take proactive measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your personal information such as account passwords to others. We will promptly notify relevant regulatory agencies of any personal data breaches and, in certain special circumstances, notify data subjects of relevant data breaches to comply with applicable laws, including data protection regulations in your location.
We are not responsible for the legality of the privacy policy of third-party websites that may be accessed. You should check the privacy policy of the third-party website and determine whether you accept it.
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will comply with the requirements of laws and regulations and no later than
Within natural days, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to independently prevent or reduce risks, and remedial measures for you. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
According to relevant laws, regulations, standards in China, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
You have the right to access or query your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise data query access, you can access it yourself through the following methods:
If you wish to access personal profile information in your account, you can do so by visiting
Click on your avatar to search or access, or you can also use
Retrieve or access your personal information.
When you discover errors in the personal information we process about you, you can log in by
Make modifications, or you can also do so through
Correct your personal information.
You may request the deletion of personal information from us in the following situations:
If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
If you no longer use our products or services, or if you log out
Account number;
If we no longer provide you with products or services;
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or if these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
You can delete it through the following path: After entering Ape Tutoring
Contact customer service to delete your personal information,
When information is deleted from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
You can log in through
About Ape Tutoring
Obtain customer service contact information and call customer service to request the withdrawal of consent authorization for the collection and use of personal information. After withdrawing your consent, we will not process your personal information in the future. At the same time, we will safeguard your right to refuse to receive commercial advertisements pushed based on your personal information. When we share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information to others, we will provide you with a notice of withdrawal of consent. Withdrawing consent does not affect the processing of your personal information based on consent prior to withdrawal.
Account and Security
Please check the cancellation details and call customer service
）We will arrange professional personnel to respond to the cancellation request. After canceling your account, we will cease to provide you with products or services and anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
You have the right to log in
The customer service center performs this operation.
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will provide a response within fifteen days.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
）The personal information controller has sufficient evidence to indicate that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their authorization and consent;
Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
）Involving trade secrets.
7、 How do we protect and handle the personal information of minors
1. How do we protect the personal information of minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are
Minors under the age of one should obtain written consent from their parents or legal guardians and carefully read this Privacy Policy before using Yuanfudao services. If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, please contact
Contact us through the contact information provided in the section.
Specifically, if you are
For children under one year old, we have also developed a "Children's Privacy Protection Policy" specifically for you. Children and their guardians are responsible for
Children under the age of one should carefully read the "Children's Privacy Protection Policy" specially formulated by the Yuanfudao School Company before using Yuanfudao services. Only after obtaining the consent of the guardian to the Children's Privacy Protection Policy,
Children under the age of one can only use the services of Yuanfudao. We will remind users whether they are full when they log in
Users must confirm their age and whether they are accompanied by a guardian before they can continue to log in and use.
2. How do we handle the personal information of minors
For the collection of personal information of minors with the consent of their parents, we will only use or publicly disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or when necessary to protect minors.
If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
8、 How can your personal information be transferred globally
The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China and we will not transfer your personal information overseas.
9、 How to update this privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change.
This policy is an important component of the "Yuanfudao User Agreement". We reserve the right to update or modify this policy from time to time. If such modifications result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this policy (i.e
）We will send you change notifications through various channels, including but not limited to website announcements, private message notifications, and other methods.
If you do not agree to the revised privacy policy, you have the right and should immediately stop using the services of Yuanfudao. If you continue to use our services, it will be deemed that you accept the modifications we have made to the relevant terms of this policy.
All services provided by Yuanfudao are subject to this policy. But some services have their own specific privacy policies, which more specifically explain how Yuanfudao processes your information in that service. If there is any inconsistency between this policy and the privacy policy of a specific service, please refer to that specific privacy policy.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
Our responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security have changed;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks;
We will also archive the old version of this policy for your reference.
When the learning platform ceases operation, we will promptly stop following it
Continuing to collect personal information, we may notify you of the cessation of operations through notice delivery or website announcements, and delete or anonymize your personal information.
10、 Dispute Resolution
This user agreement and your relationship with Yuanfudao School are subject to the laws of mainland China, but do not include its conflict of laws regulations. You and Ape Tutoring School agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the court where Ape Tutoring School is located.
11、 How to contact us
We have designated personnel responsible for personal information protection. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or have any complaints or opinions about the processing of your personal information, you can contact our privacy officer by email at:
Alternatively, you can contact us by phone:
Office Address: Wangjing Lixingxing Center, Chaoyang District, Beijing
Beijing Yuanfudao Online Discipline Training School Legal Department.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you can also file a complaint with the consumer rights protection department or file a lawsuit with a court with jurisdiction.
Beijing Yuanfudao Online Subject Training School
