We will only process the personal information necessary for you to use basic functional services.
This privacy policy applies to your access and use of our products and services through Baidu Maps' web and mobile platforms (including but not limited to apps, mini programs), software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) for third-party websites and applications, as well as smart hardware terminals that include the aforementioned products and services (such as watches, car navigation systems, smart rearview mirrors, etc.).
Baidu Maps includes but is not limited to multiple application versions such as iOS and Android. Please choose the version that matches the installed terminal device when using Baidu Maps.
This privacy policy aims to help you understand what personal information we collect when you use basic functional services, why we collect this personal information, what we use this personal information for, and how we protect this personal information. We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy, but we will not use mandatory bundling to collect all of your personal information solely based on your authorized consent to this privacy policy. We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and seek your separate consent in specific circumstances.
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, Baidu Maps is a map navigation application. Its basic function services are positioning and navigation. The necessary personal information to be processed in order to achieve the basic functions are location information, origin, and destination. If you agree to this basic privacy policy, it only means that you agree to the processing of necessary personal information when using the basic functions of Baidu Maps. If you use other extension functions of Baidu Maps, we will seek your consent separately when you use specific extension functions.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1. The information we collect and the corresponding purpose of use
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How do we share, transfer, publicly disclose, and entrust the processing of your personal information
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
5. Your rights
6. How do we handle the personal information of minors
7. Revision of Privacy Policy
8. How to contact us
We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you and that providing effective protection for your information is the cornerstone of the healthy and sustainable development of our business. Thank you for using and trusting Baidu Maps! We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum necessity, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency.
We solemnly promise to take corresponding security measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information.
1. The information we collect and the corresponding purpose of use
We will follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity to collect and use your personal information. If you provide personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained authorization from the relevant parties, and we reserve the right to verify the legitimate source of such personal information at any time.
For the convenience of your understanding, we have listed the basic business functions, processing purposes, and required personal information provided as follows:
1.1.  Search and browse
You don't need to log in to your Baidu account to use Baidu Maps' search and browsing services. In order to fulfill the obligations of network security guarantee and Internet information content management as stipulated by laws and regulations, and to show you more relevant and interesting content, our server will automatically record your activity information according to law, including the following:
The search keyword information you entered
The keyword information and search route you entered for the starting and ending points of driving/new energy/truck/taxi/motorcycle/public transportation/walking/cycling/smart transportation/train/bus/plane
The commuting, common address, itinerary information, and commonly used function information you entered
Your device information (such as Android ID, IDFA dynamic identifier, etc.)
Your other log information
We may also use the aforementioned information to provide you with more convenient search services and continuously improve Baidu Maps products and services. For this purpose, we may also use mechanisms such as browser network storage (including HTML5) and application data caching to collect information from your device and store it locally.
The commuting, frequently used address, and itinerary information you input are stored locally on your terminal by default. When you log in to Baidu Maps through your Baidu account, with your separate authorization and consent, your commuting, frequently used addresses, and travel information under the same Baidu account will be synchronized to Baidu Cloud to achieve information synchronization on different devices of the same Baidu account (including but not limited to Baidu Maps mobile version and Baidu Maps car version). You have the right to revoke the corresponding authorization, and Baidu Maps will no longer synchronize the corresponding information.
1.2.  Register and log in to an account
You can create a Baidu universal account through your phone number, and you can also improve your account information.
When registering and logging into a Baidu universal account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number. You can choose to set the account name, avatar, login password, and account binding email.
You can also use third-party accounts (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ) to log in to Baidu Maps. At this point, you will authorize Baidu Maps to obtain the public information registered on your third-party account (including your nickname, avatar, and other authorized information). In order to meet the mandatory requirements of laws and regulations, necessary for providing products or services, or based on your need to enhance the protection level of your account, when you use some services of Baidu Maps or when you have further needs, you need to provide your real name and ID number number to complete the real name authentication of your account. If you do not register an account or log in to Baidu Maps, it will not prevent you from using most of the business functions of Baidu Maps, but it may affect the use of business functions that require real name authentication. In order to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information you provide, or to ensure the security of your account, we may compare and verify the real name information you provide to Baidu with the corresponding information stored by institutions authorized by laws and regulations or government agencies.
You can choose whether to log in to Baidu Maps through the "one click login" method. If you choose this login method, the operator will process your phone number information.
When you log in to Baidu Maps through your Baidu account, with your authorization and consent, your usage information under the same Baidu account, including but not limited to your search history, favorite information, common address information, historical travel records, navigation information, and vehicle information (such as license plate number, vehicle type, power type, purchase year and month, vehicle model information), will be synchronized to Baidu Cloud to achieve information synchronization on different devices of the same Baidu account (including but not limited to Baidu Maps mobile version and Baidu Maps car version). You have the right to revoke the corresponding authorization, and Baidu Maps will no longer synchronize the corresponding information.
1.3.  Publication and interaction
When you post comments and Q&A, we will collect the content of your comments, questions, answers, as well as uploaded images, audio and video, and display your nickname, avatar, post content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you use the publish pictures, audio and video functions, we will apply for the camera, photo, and recording permissions of your device system. If you refuse authorization to provide, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that Baidu Maps can achieve without the above permissions.
When you post navigation traffic chat messages/report navigation issues/post accident comments/post truck route mutual assistance chat messages, we will collect chat text, emojis, pictures, videos, shared routes and other information, and display your nickname, avatar, post content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you post a panoramic message, we will collect the panoramic message information you have posted and display your nickname, avatar, content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you share information or receive shared information, we will redirect and share the information content by reading passwords, links, and other content in the clipboard.
When you follow or share your account, or browse, bookmark, follow, comment, like, and forward, we will collect your aforementioned information and display the content published by the corresponding content publisher's account, or recommend similar content or content publishers that you may be interested in.
The information you choose to publicly release will be visible to all users in principle. If it involves your personal information or even sensitive personal information, please consider carefully. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of others, you need to obtain their consent before making it public.
1.4.  Voice call
Baidu Maps provides you with voice calling services.
If you use the voice call function service, we will apply for your device system's permission to make calls and access the address book. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will only collect your contact name information in the address book to improve the recognition success rate of voice commands.
You can further learn about the voice call function service (Voice Assistant Skill Center) through the "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Usage Help and Privacy Settings Guide" - "Skills" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your dialing and access to your contacts, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on dialing and contact name information in your contacts, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on dialing and contact name information in your contacts. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that cannot be achieved based on the above permissions.
The contact name information in your address book is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of contact name information in your address book. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on making phone calls and contact name information in your address book, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on making phone calls and contact name information in your address book. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that are not based on making phone calls or accessing address book permissions.
1.5. Voice Assistant
Baidu Maps provides you with voice assistant services.
If you use the voice assistant function service, we will apply for recording permission for your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your voice information for Baidu Maps voice assistant to complete voice recognition, parsing, and execution of voice commands.
In addition, if you use Android 12 and above versions of the system, we will also apply for Bluetooth connection permission for your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will receive your voice commands and output feedback through Bluetooth when you use Bluetooth connection, and optimize the voice experience in Bluetooth usage scenarios. If you do not agree to authorization, you can also use the voice assistant service normally in non Bluetooth connection scenarios.
You can further understand the functions of the voice assistant by going to "My" - "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Voice Assistant" - "Skill Center" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your recording permission and Bluetooth permission, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the above voice based services or functions, or achieve the expected effects of the above voice based services, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
Voice information may contain sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your voice information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on voice information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on voice information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without recording permissions.
1.6.  widget
Baidu Maps provides you with commuter card services and bus card services.
If you use commuter card or bus card services, we will apply for the location permission of your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your location information in order to display commuting road conditions and surrounding bus route information for you.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your location permission and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may
You will not be able to use the services or functions provided based on location information mentioned above, or achieve the intended effects of the services provided based on location information mentioned above, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the aforementioned permissions.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without location permissions.
1.7.  Camera and AR services
When you use cameras and AR related services, we will apply for camera permissions and album storage permissions for your device system based on service needs, in order to provide you with services such as scanning codes, flower recognition, AR navigation, surrounding exploration, camera translation, etc.
You can click the camera button next to the search box on Baidu Maps to enter the camera function page and further learn about camera and AR related functional services
You can obtain your camera permission at any time by revoking the system authorization for Baidu Maps. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on the above information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
1.8.  Parking assistant
Baidu Maps provides you with a parking assistant platform service.
In the parking assistant platform service, you can use the functions of parking reservation, parking payment, and reverse car search.
If you use the parking reservation function, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number, license plate number, parking information (including the parking lot you have selected for reservation, parking time, parking duration, etc., specific information is subject to the page display). We will share your above information with third parties with your separate consent, so that the cooperating parking lot can reserve a parking space for you according to your requirements.
If you use the parking payment function, you need to provide us with your license plate number, and we will share your above information with a third party with your separate consent in order to check your parking fee order for you; If you need to pay parking fees, we will guide you to the payment system of the parking lot to make the payment.
If you use the reverse car search function, you need to provide us with your license plate number. With your separate consent, we will share your license plate number information with third parties to provide you with car search services and find your parking location. You can further understand the corresponding functions in the parking assistant through "My" - "Common Functions" - "Parking Assistant" in Baidu Maps.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.9.  Vehicle restriction reminder
Baidu Maps provides you with a vehicle restriction reminder service
If you use the vehicle restriction reminder service, you need to provide us with your vehicle information (such as license plate number, vehicle type, power type, vehicle model, vehicle parameters, etc.) and pass information in order to provide you with the vehicle restriction reminder service. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
You can add your vehicle through "My" - "Common Functions" - "All Functions" - "Owner Privileges" - "Owner Services" in Baidu Maps, and further learn about the vehicle restriction reminder service.
1.10.  take a taxi
If you use the taxi service, we will apply for the location permission of your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will collect your phone number, account information, device information (such as Android ID, IDFA dynamic identifier, etc.), location information, order information, payment information, IP address, emergency contact name and contact information (if any), and share the above information with third-party service providers after you confirm the order, so that the third-party service providers can locate you, facilitate drivers to contact you, generate orders to achieve taxi services, and ensure your car safety. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
You can further learn about taxi services through "Taxi" - "Personal Center" - "Instructions" in Baidu Maps.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps' other business functions that can be achieved without location permissions.
1.11.  Food service
When you use food group buying, vouchers, and reservation services, you need to provide us with the name, gender, and phone number information of the diners. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with third parties to provide you with reception and notification SMS services.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.12.  Scenic spot tickets
When you use the scenic spot ticket booking service, you need to provide us with the name, mobile phone number and ID number number of the visitors (partially involved). With your separate consent, we will share your above information with a third party so that the third party can provide you with the scenic spot ticket booking service.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.13.  hotel reservation 
When you use the hotel reservation service, you need to provide us with the name, ID number (partially involved), mobile phone number, and order information of the check-in person. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with a third party so that the third party can provide you with reception and send notification messages and other services.
If you refuse authorization to provide, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps. Other functions that can be achieved without the above information will not be affected
.
1.14.  Wrong must be compensated
When you use the error compensation service, we will apply to obtain your navigation information (including driving, new energy), and apply for permission to use your device system's camera and photos. With your authorization and consent, we will collect on-site photos, penalty photos, toll station receipt photos, etc. that you have taken or uploaded in order to verify the issues you have reported. Meanwhile, you can provide us with your phone number to verify the situation and provide feedback on the audit results.
When you use the violation protection service, in addition to the personal information mentioned above, you also need to provide us with your license plate number, chassis number, and engine number to verify the violation issue you reported.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.15.  Proxy driving
If you use the chauffeur service, we will apply for the positioning permission of your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will collect your mobile phone number, account information, device information (such as Android ID, IDFA dynamic identifier, etc.), location information, order information, payment information, IP address, and share the above information with third-party service providers after you confirm the order, so that the third-party service providers can locate you, facilitate drivers to contact you, generate orders to provide chauffeur services, and ensure the safety of your car. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps' other business functions that can be achieved without location permissions.
1.16.  New service and feature operation, as well as customer service handling
Baidu Maps may occasionally initiate operational activities for newly launched services and features. If the newly launched services require processing of your personal information or applying for personal information related permissions without your authorization and consent, we will obtain your consent separately. If sensitive personal information processing is involved, we will obtain your separate consent separately.
1.17.  Message notification
Please be aware and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information provided by you during the use of the product and/or service (such as contact phone number) for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, etc. In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in the SMS or contact us directly to unsubscribe. You can also give us feedback on turning off receiving commercial messages through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Ad Blocking Management 】 - 【 Turn off Commercial Messages 】.
1.18.  panorama
When you use panoramic related services, we will apply to obtain the positioning permission of your device system, the camera permission of your device system, and the album storage permission, in order to provide you with panoramic shooting and uploading services. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
You can further learn about panoramic photography services through the "Feedback" - "Panoramic Photography" section in Baidu Maps.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps' other business functions that can be achieved without location permissions.
1.19. Positioning related services
Baidu Maps provides you with basic location related services based on location information, including travel recommendations; Surrounding recommendations; Search for nearby parking lots; Driving/new energy/truck/motorcycle navigation; Public transportation/walking/cycling/smart travel/train/bus/airplane route planning, navigation, and train number inquiry; Query of nearby bus, real-time bus, and subway information; Running route record; Track recording service for bus disembarkation reminder; Commuting cards display commuting traffic information; Bus cards display information about surrounding bus routes; Sign in.
When you use Baidu Maps to provide the basic positioning related services mentioned above, we may collect and process information about your device (such as Android ID, IDFA dynamic identifier, etc.), location information, network identity information, so that you do not need to manually enter your geographical coordinates to use the following related services. Location information includes precise location information obtained through GNSS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, base stations, and other sensor information (linear acceleration, rotation vector, acceleration, pressure, gravity, direction, geomagnetic field, gyroscope, pedometer, motion), as well as rough geographic location information obtained through IP addresses or other network information. When you use the following functions, we will request precise geographic location permission authorization. You can refuse to authorize precise geographic location permission or cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to access your precise location information at any time, stopping our collection of your precise geographic location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the basic functional services provided based on precise location information, or achieve the intended effect of the basic functional services provided based on precise location information.
1.20.  Ensure service security, optimize and improve service objectives
When you use Baidu Maps, in order to ensure your normal use of Baidu Maps services, more accurately locate and solve the problems you encounter when using Baidu Maps services, improve and optimize the service experience of Baidu Maps, safeguard your account security, prevent, discover, investigate fraud, endangering security, illegal or violating our agreements, policies or rules, and protect the legitimate rights of you, us or our affiliates, partners and the public
We will collect your device information, including device attribute information (hardware model, advertising identifier IDFA, supplier identifier IDFV, anonymous device identifier OAID, Android ID), device parameters and system information (operating system version and system status, device configuration), device connection information (browser type, telecom operator, language used, WIFI information, SSID, BSSID), location information, log information, and other information related to the login environment. Only when user behavior triggers risk control conditions (frequent password input errors, frequent remote login, frequent IP switching, risky IP, risky devices, risky accounts, abnormal operations), we will access your terminal's installed application list and only upload the package name information of uncommon apps. We will not upload common app information such as WeChat, Weibo, or other information such as app installation time.
Please understand that when you switch from Baidu Maps on the device screen to running in the background, due to some device models and system reasons, the information collection behavior generated by your previous use of Baidu Maps related functions may not be immediately stopped, resulting in a brief background information collection behavior.
1.21.  Information aggregation and fusion, personalized recommendation, and automated decision-making
Convergence and Integration: You agree that we will use our own or entrusted technology to aggregate, identify, analyze, profile or further process the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service, and form multiple types and different granularity of tag information that can reflect your behavior habits, interests, credit status and other characteristics (hereinafter referred to as "tag information"). We will use the tag information for specific scenarios and purposes for automated decision-making, and push personalized display information and/or commercial marketing information to you. In addition to the information used for aggregation and fusion in this service, we may associate and aggregate the information collected from your various devices so that we can provide you with consistent services on these devices. For example, we may associate your device information or phone number with your Baidu account. In order to provide you with a consistent experience while ensuring that personal information is under the control of the same business entity and does not change the ability and management level of data security, the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service may be aggregated and integrated with the personal information you actively or passively provide in other products and services we operate, and may be further processed into tag information and used together in the process of providing you with this service or other products and services we operate. This type of aggregated and fused information does not contain information that can directly identify your personal identity. We will ensure the secure processing of the information after aggregation and fusion.
Personalized recommendation: We will use tag information and your search, browsing, and other usage behavior information within Baidu Maps, as well as device information of terminal devices, including device attribute information (advertising identifier IDFA, supplier identifier IDFV, anonymous device identifier OAID, Android ID), device parameters and system information (operating system version and system situation, device configuration), device connection information (browser type, telecom operator, language used, WIFI information, SSID, BSSID), and location information, in order to recommend content that you may be more interested in and relevant to you. In personalized recommendation services, we will also provide you with a convenient way to refuse. We have established a mechanism for users to independently control the personal information (such as tags, portrait dimensions, etc.) that personalized displays rely on, ensuring your ability to regulate the relevance of personalized displays. Please refer to "5.9. Display and Control of Personalized Content and Advertising" in this policy for details.
Automated decision-making: Automated decision-making activities also rely on our processing of your aforementioned usage behavior information, device information, location information, and tag information. If we make decisions that have a significant impact on your personal rights through automated decision-making, you have the right to comply with this policy
How to contact us "requires us to provide an explanation and has the right to refuse our decision solely through automated decision-making.
1.22.  Indirectly collecting information
In order to jointly provide you with products/services or improve the quality and personalization of product services, or for reasonable needs such as considering the security of products and services, we may receive your personal information and other information from Baidu platform, affiliated companies, partners, and other trusted third-party suppliers in accordance with laws and regulations or based on your valid authorization. We will require the personal information provider to explain the source of their personal information in advance and confirm the legality of their personal information source. At the same time, we will understand the scope of authorization and consent obtained by the personal information provider for personal information processing. If the personal information processing activities required for conducting business exceed the scope of authorization and consent obtained, we will obtain your explicit consent within a reasonable period of time after obtaining the personal information or before processing the personal information, or obtain your explicit consent through the personal information provider.
1.23.  Exceptions with prior authorization and consent
Please note that in the following situations, collecting and using personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
Collect your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range in accordance with laws and regulations, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legal news reports, government information disclosure channels, etc.);
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
1.24.  Anonymization of personal information
On the premise of not publicly disclosing or providing your personal information to the public, Baidu has the right to mine, analyze, and utilize the anonymized user database (including commercial use), and has the right to collect statistics on product/service usage and share anonymized statistical information with the public/third parties.
1.25.  Device permission call
In the process of providing services, in order to ensure that you can use the product functions normally, we will apply to the system for the following system device permissions for your device. Before applying, we will seek your consent, and you can choose to "allow" or "prohibit" the permission application. After your authorization, we will enable the relevant permissions. You can cancel the authorization in the system at any time. Cancelling the authorization will result in you being unable to use the relevant business functions, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps. Other business functions that can be implemented without this permission will not be affected.
The invocation of system privacy permissions by various business functions is as follows:
Device permissions
Business Function
Authorization method for permissions
Can it be closed
position
Positioning, navigation, recommended surrounding services, panoramic view
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Microphone
Voice assistant, customized voice pack recording, video shooting
When the user calls the aforementioned business function, a pop-up query appears
yes
Photo
UGC、 Public transportation, personalized voice cover, uploading/storing photos for parking services, uploading panoramic views
When the user calls the aforementioned business function, a pop-up query appears
yes
camera
AR navigation, AR experience, photography/video uploading
When the user calls the aforementioned business function, a pop-up query appears
yes
mail list
Improve the accuracy of voice calling
When the user calls the aforementioned business function, a pop-up query appears
yes
Advertising identifier IDFA
Improve and optimize the service experience; Advertising recommendations; Ensure the security of your account
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
notice
Message push and reminder
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Make a phone call
Voice call function
When the user uses the voice call function for the first time, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
storage
Read and write images, files, or cache information
When users call to change their avatar or download offline maps, a pop-up window will appear asking
yes
Device information (Android ID, OAID, etc.)
Improve and optimize the service experience; Ensure the security of your account
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
wireless network
Network connection for various business functions
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Sports and Fitness
Step count related operational activities
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Bluetooth
High-precision positioning; Bluetooth device connection (including mobile car connectivity, Bluetooth connection for voice assistant use in scenarios)
When the user calls the aforementioned business function, a pop-up query appears
yes
You can check the privacy permission details and turn off the corresponding permissions through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "System Permission Settings" - "Go to Application Permission Settings" in "Baidu Maps". The display and closing methods of permissions may vary among different devices. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines provided by the device and system developers for specific details.
1.26.  Other purposes that you have agreed to separately
When we use information for purposes not specified in this privacy policy, we will seek your consent in advance. When we want to use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance.
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
Cookie and anonymous identifier tool Cookie is a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client-side. When you use Baidu Maps products or services, we will send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. When you interact with Baidu Maps service, we allow cookies or anonymous identifiers to be sent to Baidu company servers. Cookie
Usually includes identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. By using cookie technology, Baidu can understand your usage habits, remember your preferences, save you the step of entering duplicate information, and help you determine the security of your account. Cookies can also help us gather traffic information, analyze the effectiveness of page design and advertising.
We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details, please refer to
AboutCookies.org。 You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have cookies blocking features
The function. But if you do so, you will need to personally change your user settings every time you visit our website, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or features provided by Baidu that rely on cookies due to such changes.
You can do it through
IOS: [My] - [Settings] - [Reset Map] - [Delete Cache Data] Clear your cookies and restrict Baidu's use of cookies.
Android: [My] - [Settings] - [Privacy Settings] - [System Privacy Permissions] - [Storage] Clear your cookies and restrict Baidu's use of cookies.
3. How do we share, transfer, publicly disclose, and entrust the processing of your personal information and the third parties we access
3.1 Sharing
Unless with your prior separate consent or in compliance with other laws and regulations, we will not share your personal information with third parties other than Baidu, except for those that cannot identify specific individuals and cannot be restored after processing.
We will investigate the data security environment of companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, sign strict confidentiality agreements, and require them to handle personal information in accordance with legal confidentiality and security measures.
We may share your personal information with the following third parties in the following situations:
3.1.1.  Third party product or service providers
Baidu Maps has integrated rich third-party services (including third-party mini programs). When you access third-party services through Baidu Maps, you may need to submit your personal information. We will use your personal information based on your valid authorization or as necessary to enter into and perform contracts to which you are a party
Provided to third parties who provide services to you. Regarding how third-party services collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party services.
When you participate in marketing activities or service content provided by third parties, based on service needs, you may need to provide account nickname, avatar, name, contact information, and other information. We will share your personal information with third parties with your separate consent or when necessary for the third party to provide you with marketing activities or service content, in order to ensure that the third party can smoothly provide you with services or timely redeem rewards from you. If necessary to provide you with marketing activities or service content, and you refuse to share, third parties will be unable to provide you with services or refuse your participation.
Baidu Maps has integrated rich third-party mini program services. Third party mini programs may collect and use your relevant information, invoke your device permissions, in order for you to use the services they provide. The information collected and used by different third-party mini program services, as well as the types of device permissions invoked, may vary. When you choose to use third-party mini program services, with your authorization and consent, we will provide your information to the third-party mini program service provider based on your authorization, so that they can provide services to you based on the relevant information. Regarding the specific device permission types called by third-party mini programs, as well as how to collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party mini programs.
If you would like to further understand the third-party services we access, please read the 'List of Shared Personal Information with Third Parties'.
3.1.2.  Related companies or users of the same account system
We have highly consistent data security measures and management levels with our affiliated companies or users of the same account system. In order to jointly provide you with services, improve the security and convenience of your use of products, and ensure a consistent service experience, we will share your personal information among affiliated companies or users of the same account system, subject to legal requirements. In this case, we will only share necessary personal information. If we share your sensitive personal information or if the recipient changes the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
For users of the same account system, in order to comply with regulatory requirements, ensure account security, provide consistent display, and contact you, based on your valid authorization, we may share your account information.
When you use Duxiaoman Financial, Youqianhua, and Duxiaoman Wealth Management services through your Baidu account, we will share your account username, nickname, avatar, bound real name information (such as name, ID number, and mobile phone number), account risk situation (including login situation), and IP information with the service provider (Duxiaoman Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.). After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your IDFA/IDFV information and, with your further authorization, display your wallet balance, credit limit, and other content. We will strictly control the scope of information use.
3.1.3.  You voluntarily choose to share personal information with a third party
You can use the sharing function of Baidu Maps to share with Baidu friends, QQ friends, WeChat friends, Weibo friends, including but not limited to information content and search results that interest you. Please fully consider the credibility of the information recipient before using third-party services or sharing functions, and we recommend that you review the personal information processing rules (such as privacy policies) of the social networks or third-party service providers you use to understand how they handle your information, in order to make prudent decisions.
If you have signed corresponding authorization agreements or documents with credit reporting agencies (such as Baihang Credit Reporting, Pudao Credit Reporting, etc.), financial institutions, or other institutions, based on your aforementioned authorization and agreement and this policy, we will conduct comprehensive statistics, analysis, or processing of your personal information and provide the data processing results to the aforementioned agencies.
3.2.  transfer the possession of
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual other than Baidu, except for the following situations:
Obtain your explicit authorization or consent in advance
Meet the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory government requirements, or judicial rulings;
If we or our affiliates are involved in transactions such as mergers, divisions, liquidations, acquisitions or sales of assets or businesses, your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will ensure the confidentiality of such information at the time of transfer, inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient, and make every effort to ensure that the new company or organization holding your personal information continues to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
3.3.  Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
Obtain your separate consent
Based on laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements from government regulatory authorities.
When issuing punishment notices for illegal accounts and behaviors, we will disclose information about the relevant accounts, which inevitably includes account related authentication information and violations.
3.4.  Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information does not require prior authorization and consent from the personal information subject:
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests. For example, necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
Process personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations
In cases where laws and administrative regulations provide otherwise.
3.5.  The third-party software development kit (SDK) we access
In order to adapt to the use of Baidu Maps and third-party platform services on different mobile devices
Your mobile device identity authentication, mobile device security, receiving information push notifications, logging into third-party platform accounts, sharing information through third-party platforms, and payment security have all been integrated into Baidu Maps with third-party SDKs. The above-mentioned third-party SDK providers include mobile device manufacturers, social platforms, communication operators, and third-party payment institutions. Some third-party SDKs may call your device permissions and obtain your relevant information, so that you can use the corresponding functions normally on different mobile devices or third-party platforms. The device permission types and information obtained by different third-party SDKs may vary, including obtaining your location, reading/writing your external storage card, reading your phone status and identity, viewing WLAN connections, retrieving running applications/Bluetooth information, booting up, and retrieving permissions for ongoing applications. Regarding the specific device permission types called by third-party SDKs, as well as how to collect and use your personal information, please read the third-party SDK situation description.
3.6.  Entrusted processing and joint processing
In order to better serve you, we may entrust third-party partners to process your personal information. We will only entrust third-party partners to process your information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will strictly limit the information processing purposes of the trustee and require the trustee to adopt sufficient data security measures. If a third-party partner uses your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately. Our authorized partners include advertising and analytics service providers. We will entrust these partners to handle information related to advertising placement, advertising effectiveness, and advertising reach, while complying with industry standard security technologies. Without your valid authorization, we will not entrust third-party partners to process information that can directly identify your personal identity. If you voluntarily leave your contact information, address information, and other personal information for a specific third-party partner to contact you, they will directly process your personal information.
In the context of joint processing, we will also sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and fulfill relevant personal information protection obligations.
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
4.1.  Retention period
We will keep your personal information for the period required to provide the service, but in cases where laws and regulations have other provisions on the retention period, you agree to keep it for a longer period, ensure the safety and quality of the service, achieve dispute resolution purposes, or it is technically difficult to achieve, we will extend the retention period in accordance with the law, contract, or within a reasonable range after the expiration of the aforementioned retention period.
After exceeding the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with legal regulations.
4.2.  Save Region
In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If your personal information may be transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country/region where you use the product or service, or accessed from these jurisdictions, we will strictly fulfill our obligations under laws and regulations and obtain your separate consent in advance in accordance with legal requirements. Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws, or even no relevant laws in place. In such cases, we will transfer your personal information in accordance with the current laws of China and ensure that your personal information receives sufficient and equal protection within the territory of the People's Republic of China. For example, we may request your consent for cross-border transfer of personal information, or implement security measures such as data de identification before cross-border data transfer.
4.3.  Security measures
We will collect, use, store, and transmit user information based on the principle of "minimization", and inform you of the purpose and scope of the use of relevant information through user agreements and privacy policies.
We attach great importance to information security. We have established a dedicated team responsible for developing and applying various security technologies and programs. We conduct security background checks on security management personnel and key security positions. We have established a sound information security management system and internal security incident handling mechanism. We will take appropriate security measures and technological means that comply with industry standards to store and protect your personal information, in order to prevent loss, unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, damage, loss or leakage of your information. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked.
We will cultivate employees' awareness of data security and provide training and assessment on security capabilities to strengthen their understanding of the importance of protecting personal information. We will authenticate the identity and control the permissions of employees who process personal information, and sign confidentiality agreements with employees and partners who come into contact with your personal information, clarifying job responsibilities and codes of conduct to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. If there is any violation of the confidentiality agreement, the cooperation relationship with Baidu will be immediately terminated and relevant legal responsibilities will be pursued. Confidentiality requirements will also be imposed on personnel who have access to personal information when leaving their posts.
We remind you that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. When you interact with other users about your geographical location or track information through third-party social software, email, SMS, etc. embedded in Baidu Maps, you are not sure whether the third-party software has fully encrypted the transmission of information, and pay attention to ensuring the security of your personal information.
We also ask you to understand that in the Internet industry, due to the limitations and rapid development of technology and various possible malicious attacks, even if we try our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security of information. Please be aware that the systems and communication networks you use when using our products and/or services may have security issues beyond our control.
According to our security management system, incidents of personal information leakage, damage, or loss are classified as major security incidents. Once they occur, the company's highest level emergency plan will be activated, and a joint emergency response team consisting of multiple departments such as the Security Department, Public Affairs Department, and Legal Department will be formed to handle them.
4.4.  Security incident notification
We will
Develop emergency plans for network security incidents, promptly deal with security risks such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions. In the event of an incident that endangers network security, we will immediately activate the emergency plan, take corresponding remedial measures, and report to the relevant competent authorities in accordance with regulations.
Personal information leakage, damage, and loss are classified as major security incidents at the company level. We will be responsible for regularly organizing security plan drills for our team members to prevent such incidents from occurring. If an unfortunate event occurs, we will activate the emergency plan according to the highest priority, form an emergency response team, trace the cause in the shortest possible time, and reduce losses.
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for risks that you can independently prevent and reduce, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through on-site notifications, SMS notifications, phone calls, emails, and other contact information you have reserved. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements. Please understand that according to laws and regulations, if the measures we take can effectively prevent information leakage, tampering, or loss from causing harm, we may choose not to notify you of the personal information security incident unless required by regulatory authorities.
5. Your rights
According to relevant laws, regulations, standards in China, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information. If you have any questions or claims about the exercise of these rights, you can also contact us through the methods provided in [8. How to contact us]:
5.1.  Right to access
In principle, you can access your personal information through the following methods
Account information: You can log in to passport.baidu.com at any time or visit 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】-
[Account Management], access or edit personal profile information in your account, change your password, perform account association or identity authentication, etc.
Follow real-time bus information: You can view or clear the real-time bus information in 【 Route 】 - 【 Public Transportation 】 - 【 Real time Bus 】.
Follow bus route information: You can view or clear the follow bus route information in 【 Route 】 - 【 Public Transportation 】 - 【 My Route 】.
Collect bus/walking/cycling/new energy/driving/truck/motorcycle route information: You can view or clear the following route information in 【 My 】 - 【 Favorite Common 】.
Driving/new energy/truck/motorcycle/running route/historical trajectory information: You can view or clear historical trajectory information in 【 My 】 - 【 Footprints 】 - 【 Details 】.
Taxi order information: You can view or clear taxi order information in 【 Taxi 】 - 【 Personal Center 】 - 【 Order Center 】 or 【 My 】 - 【 Orders 】.
Parking record information: You can view or clear your parking record information in 【 Home Common Functions 】 - 【 Parking Assistant 】 - 【 Parking History 】.
Commuting information: You can set, view, and clear your commuting information in the "Homepage Travel Up Channel" - "Edit".
Common address information: You can set, view, and clear your common address information in the "Homepage Travel Up Channel" - "Edit".
Travel information: You can set, view, and clear your travel information in 【 Home Common Functions 】 - 【 More 】 - 【 Travel Assistant 】.
Recording voice package information: You can view or clear the recorded voice package information on [Home Common Functions] - [More] - [Recording Voice Packages] - click "Cancel" - [My Voice] - [My Recorded Voice Packages].
Panoramic comment information: You can view or delete panoramic comment information in 【 Home Common Functions 】 - 【 Panoramic 】 - 【 My Messages 】.
Common functions set: You can set, view, and clear your common functions in the "Home Common Functions" - "More" section.
5.2.  Correction and supplementation rights
When you discover that the personal information we process about you is incorrect or incomplete, after verifying your identity and ensuring that the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information, you have the right to make corrections or supplements to the incorrect or incomplete information. You can make corrections or supplements yourself through "My" - "Settings" - "Account Management" in "Baidu Maps", or submit your correction or supplement application to us through feedback and error reporting.
5.3.  Delete Right
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
If we violate laws and regulations or our agreement with you to process your personal information;
If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
If we cease to provide products or services, or if the retention period has expired;
If you withdraw your consent;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated. Please be aware and understand that if the retention period stipulated by laws, administrative regulations or this privacy policy has not expired, or if it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security measures.
5.4.  Withdrawal of consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For the collection and use of additional personal information, you may give or revoke your authorization and consent at any time.
You can log in to passport.baidu.com or visit 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】-
Authorization Management: To unbind Baidu accounts from third-party accounts, you can also disable some functional options and revoke some authorizations through multiple settings in the personal center of Baidu Maps, such as common address settings, navigation settings, privacy settings, etc.
You can directly disable precise geographic location information and communication in the device system
Record, camera, microphone, album permissions and other system permissions, change the scope of consent or revoke your authorization.
After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent, and we will no longer use your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the personal information processing that was previously carried out based on your consent.
5.5.  Right of cancellation
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For the collection and use of additional personal information, you may give or revoke your authorization and consent at any time.
You can also cancel your account on Baidu Maps through the following path: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】 - 【 Account Cancellation 】.
Once you cancel your Baidu account, you will no longer be able to use the services of Baidu's full range of user products, so please proceed with caution. We will determine whether to support your cancellation request based on your usage of various products of Baidu in order to protect your or others' legitimate rights and interests. For example, if you have unpaid royalties in Baidu Experience, or if you have unused Nuomi stored value cards in Baidu Nuomi, or if you still have data in your cloud storage, we will not immediately support your request. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, after canceling your account, we will cease to provide you with products and services, and delete your personal information according to your request.
If you only need to clear your usage history on Baidu Maps, you can refer to the following path to achieve it: 【 Mine 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】-
[Account Cancellation] - [Delete the current application service trace].
When you authorize login to Baidu Maps through a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ, etc.), you need to apply for account cancellation from the third party.
5.6.  Reproduction and portability rights
You have the right to copy the personal information we collect from you. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, and in compliance with the instructions and conditions set by the national cyberspace administration, if technically feasible, you may also request us to transfer your personal information to other entities designated by you. You can copy the personal information we collect from you through the following path: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Personal Information Export 】.
5.7.  Advance notification of the right to cease operation of products and services
Baidu Maps is willing to accompany you all the time. If Baidu Maps products stop operating due to special reasons, we will notify you within a reasonable period of time on the main page or internal message of the product or service, or by sending you an email or other suitable means that can reach you. We will also stop collecting your personal information and delete or anonymize the collected personal information in accordance with legal provisions.
5.8.  The right to obtain an explanation
You have the right to request an explanation of our personal information processing rules. You can contact us through the contact information provided in section eight.
5.9.  Display and control of personalized content and advertisements
5.9.1 Display and Control of Personalized Content
For your convenience in independently controlling the personalized information you wish to receive, you can dynamically adjust your interest preferences through the following path, and we will push relevant personalized content based on your choices.
You can dynamically adjust the channels of interest in the "Message Settings" section of Baidu Maps. Baidu Maps will adjust according to your channel and display the content you are interested in on the homepage of the message center.
You can also make adjustments at any time while browsing personalized recommended content. If you do not like or are not interested in the personalized recommended content displayed, you can close the content at any time by clicking the "X" icon or icon on the right side of the content. We also provide a reporting/feedback portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
route:
[The "X" icon on the right side of the push article on the homepage of the message center] - [Reason for selection] - [Confirm]
【 Feedback button at the bottom left corner of the article page 】 - 【 Reason selection 】 - 【 Submit 】
If you do not wish to receive personalized content pushed to you based on your interests and preferences, you can turn off personalized content recommendations through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Recommendation Settings 】. When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, you will not be able to enjoy personalized recommendation services. We will display content to you based on non personalized factors such as content popularity. You may see content that you are not interested in or even dislike, and your user experience may be affected.
5.9.2 Display and Control of Personalized Advertising
We may collect and use advertising identification information that meets national or industry group standards, which is generated based on non sensitive personal information such as device model and system configuration, to provide you with more personalized advertising while ensuring your privacy and service security, so that you can enjoy more convenient services. After we launch this feature, we will also provide you with a shutdown function and inform you of the shutdown path. If you do not want us to use the advertising logo information for the above purposes, you can choose to disable it at any time. After closing, we will no longer obtain and process the Internet advertising logo.
Programmatic advertising is one of the general advertising technologies that intelligently recommends based on your preferences within third-party applications. We only provide programmatic advertising docking technology and will not obtain your behavior or personal data within third-party applications. You can choose to turn on or off this technology by turning on/off 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Programmatic Advertising Settings 】. If the switch is turned on, the number of ads you see will not decrease, but the accuracy of the ads will decrease.
5.10.  Exceptions to the Exercise of Rights
We may not be able to respond to your requests for review, correction, supplementation, deletion, copying, portability, information, and decision-making in the following situations:
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
We have sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice or abuse of power (such as your request will endanger public safety and the legitimate rights and interests of others, or your request exceeds the scope that can be covered by general technical means and commercial costs);
Responding to requests from personal information subjects will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
Involving trade secrets;
method
In cases where laws and administrative regulations provide otherwise.
5.11.  How to respond to your rights request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. After verification, we will provide a response within fifteen working days. If you are not satisfied, you can also file a complaint through the following channels: map_service@baidu.com
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
6. How do we handle the personal information of minors
Baidu attaches great importance to the protection of minors' information.
Our products and services are mainly aimed at adults. We will only process personal information of minors with the permission of laws and regulations and the consent of parents or other guardians.
If you are a minor under the age of 14, before using Baidu Maps products and services, you should ask your parents or other guardians to carefully read, or under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians, carefully read this privacy policy and the Baidu Children's Personal Information Protection Statement, and use our products and services or provide information to us with the consent of your parents or other guardians.
If we discover that personal information of minors under the age of 14 has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents or other guardians in advance, we will take measures to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If at any time the guardian has reason to believe that we have collected personal information of minors without their consent, please contact us through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Help and Feedback 】 - 【 Feedback Suggestions 】 in Baidu Maps, and we will take measures to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
7. Revision of Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy may change.
Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. We will post any changes made to this privacy policy on this page.
For significant changes, we will notify you on the main exposure page or internal message of the product or service, or by sending you an email or other suitable means that can reach you. If you do not agree with such changes, please immediately stop using Baidu Maps products and services.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
The main recipients of personal information provided, transferred or publicly disclosed to the outside world have changed;
There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
If there are any matters not covered in this privacy policy, the "Baidu Privacy Protection Statement" shall prevail
8. How to contact us
The growth of Baidu Maps cannot be separated from the joint efforts of various user experts. We greatly appreciate your contribution to updating Baidu Maps data and providing feedback on usage.
You can go to 【 My 】 - 【 Customer Service Center 】 - 【 Feedback and Suggestions 】
Provide feedback on your suggestions for Baidu Maps and any issues encountered during use to help us optimize product features and services, making it more convenient for more users to use our products and services.
You can provide feedback on personal information protection issues through the platform（ http://help.baidu.com/personalinformation ）Contact us.
You can also contact us through the following contact information.
No.10 Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing, China
Legal Department of Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd
Postal Code: 100085
To ensure efficient handling of your issue and timely feedback, we require you to submit proof of identity, valid contact information, written request, and relevant evidence. We will process your request after verifying your identity.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution through the following external channels: file a lawsuit with the Haidian District People's Court in Beijing.
Appendix: Definition of Nouns
Personal information refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways, excluding anonymized information. Personal information includes name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety, including biometric, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health information, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Equipment refers to devices that can be used to use Baidu products and/or services, such as desktop devices, tablets, or smartphones.
Device information refers to the device attribute information (such as your hardware model, advertising identifier IDFA, supplier identifier IDFV, anonymous device identifier OAID, Android ID, hardware serial number, etc.), device parameters and system information (such as your operating system version and system situation, device configuration, external storage directory), device connection information (such as browser type, telecom operator, language used, WIFI information, SSID, BSSID), and device status information of the terminal device you use to install and run Baidu Maps
Information (such as device application installation list).
Log information refers to the information automatically recorded by our servers when you access Baidu Maps, such as your IP address, browser type and language used, hardware device information, operating system version, network operator information, date, time, duration of your service access, and other information provided, formed, or retained by you when using our products or services.
Cookie refers to a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client side, expanding web-based client/server applications by adding simple and persistent client states. The server sends a status message to the client while returning an HTTP object, which is saved by the client. The status information indicates the valid URL range in that state. Afterwards, all HTTP requests initiated by the client within this range will return the current value of the status information from the client to the server, which is called a cookie.
Location information refers to precise location information obtained through GNSS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, base stations, and other sensor information, as well as rough geographic location information obtained through IP addresses.
User profiling refers to the process of collecting, aggregating, and analyzing personal information to analyze or predict the personal characteristics of a specific individual, such as occupation, economy, health, education, personal preferences, credit, behavior, etc., and form their personal characteristic model. Directly using the personal information of a specific individual to form a feature model of that individual is called a direct user profile. The use of personal information from individuals outside of a specific natural person, such as data from their group, to form a feature model of that natural person is called indirect user profiling.
De identification refers to the process of processing personal information so that it cannot identify a specific individual without the need for additional information.
Anonymization refers to the process of using technology to process personal information so that the subject of the information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored. The information obtained after anonymization of personal information does not belong to personal information.
Baidu platform refers to various specialized channels or platform services under Baidu Corporation, including Baidu Search, Baidu APP and its derivatives, Baidu Baike, Baidu Zhidao, Baidu Tieba, Baidu Mobile Assistant, and other Baidu products https://www.baidu.com/more/ ）Waiting for websites, programs, services, tools, and clients.
Affiliated companies refer to the individual or collective names of Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd., the operator of Baidu Maps, and other companies that have affiliated relationships with Baidu. Association "refers to any entity (including individuals, companies, partnerships, organizations, or any other entity) that is directly or indirectly controlled by it, or directly or indirectly controlled by it, or directly or indirectly controlled by the same entity as it. The aforementioned "control" refers to the power or other relationship that constitutes actual control over the management and decision-making of relevant entities, directly or indirectly, through holding voting rights, contracts, or other means.
Baidu Maps Privacy Policy
Welcome to use the services provided by Baidu Maps! Baidu Corporation (referred to as Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd. in this privacy policy, hereinafter referred to as "we") attaches great importance to your privacy protection and personal information protection. This privacy policy applies to your access and use of various services provided by Baidu Maps through any means.
You can use Baidu Maps to search for traffic information, merchant information, locate your location, plan your route, navigate to your desired address, search for nearby services, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "Baidu Maps products or services"). We will only process the personal information necessary for your use of the product or service.
This privacy policy applies to your access and use of our products and services through Baidu Maps' web and mobile platforms (including but not limited to apps, mini programs), software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) for third-party websites and applications, as well as smart hardware terminals that include the aforementioned products and services (such as watches, car navigation systems, smart rearview mirrors, etc.).
Baidu Maps includes but is not limited to multiple application versions such as iOS and Android. Please choose the version that matches the installed terminal device when using Baidu Maps.
We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and seek your separate consent in specific circumstances.
Baidu Maps includes but is not limited to multiple application versions such as iOS and Android. Please choose the version that matches the installed terminal device when using Baidu Maps. The personal information that Baidu Maps may obtain depends on the version of the Baidu Maps application you are using, the specific type/version of the terminal device you are using, and the functions you are using.
This privacy policy aims to help you understand what personal information we collect, why we collect this personal information, what we use this personal information for, and how we protect this personal information. We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy, but we will not use mandatory bundling to collect all of your personal information solely based on your authorized consent to this privacy policy. We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and seek your separate consent in specific circumstances. In addition to this privacy policy, we may also inform you of our rules for processing your personal information through product page notifications, pop-up prompts, information push notifications, and other means. The processing of personal information corresponding to specific business functions will be subject to specific rules, which have the same effect as this privacy policy.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and administrative regulations, you have the right to know and decide how we handle your personal information, and have the right to restrict or refuse us or other parties from processing your personal information; At the same time, you have the right to request an explanation of the personal information processing rules we provide to you. Please carefully read and understand this privacy policy before using Baidu Maps and related products and services, in order to make appropriate choices.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1. The information we collect and the corresponding purpose of use
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How do we share
Transfer, public disclosure, and entrusted processing of your personal information
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
5. Your rights
6. How do we handle the personal information of minors
7. Revision of Privacy Policy
8. How to contact us
We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you and that providing effective protection for your information is the cornerstone of the healthy and sustainable development of our business. Thank you for using and trusting Baidu Maps! We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency.
We solemnly promise to take corresponding security measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information.
1. The information we collect and the corresponding purpose of use
We will follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity to collect and use your personal information. Specifically, we collect and process your personal information to provide you with corresponding business functions. In the corresponding functions, if you provide personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained authorization from the relevant parties. We reserve the right to verify the legal source of such personal information at any time.
You need to provide us with personal information for us to implement the basic business functions of Baidu Maps. The information necessary to achieve basic business functions is necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide this necessary personal information, we will not be able to provide you with the basic business functions and corresponding services. In addition to the basic business functions, you can independently choose to provide us with some personal information for us to implement the extended business functions of Baidu Maps. We will inform you of the purpose of use and process this personal information based on your authorized consent or necessary purposes to achieve the extended business functions you have chosen. Your refusal to provide such extended business function information will not affect your use of our basic business functions, but if you refuse to provide the personal information necessary to implement the extended business functions, we will not be able to provide you with the extended business functions.
For the convenience of your understanding, we have listed the business functions, processing purposes, and personal information required as follows:
1.1.  Search and browse
You don't need to log in to your Baidu account to use Baidu Maps' search and browsing services. In order to fulfill the obligations of network security guarantee and Internet information content management as stipulated by laws and regulations, and to show you more relevant and interesting content, our server will automatically record your activity information according to law, including the following:
The search keyword information you entered
The keyword information and search route you entered for the starting and ending points of driving/new energy/truck/taxi/motorcycle/public transportation/walking/cycling/smart transportation/train/bus/plane
The commuting, common address, itinerary information, and commonly used function information you entered
Your device information
Your other log information
We may also use the aforementioned information to provide you with more convenient search services and continuously improve Baidu Maps products and services. For this purpose, we may also use mechanisms such as browser network storage (including HTML5) and application data caching to collect information from your device and store it locally.
1.2.  Register and log in to an account
You can create a Baidu universal account through your phone number, and you can also improve your account information.
When registering and logging into a Baidu universal account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number. You can choose to set the account name, avatar, login password, and account binding email.
You can also use third-party accounts (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ) to log in to Baidu Maps. At this point, you will authorize Baidu Maps to obtain the public information registered on your third-party account (including your nickname, avatar, and other authorized information). In order to meet the mandatory requirements of laws and regulations, necessary for providing products or services, or based on your need to enhance the protection level of your account, when you use some services of Baidu Maps or when you have further needs, you need to provide your real name, ID number, and face information to complete the real name authentication of your account. If you do not register an account or log in to Baidu Maps, it will not prevent you from using most of the business functions of Baidu Maps, but it may affect the use of business functions that require real name authentication. In order to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information you provide, or to ensure the security of your account, we may compare and verify the real name information you provide to Baidu with the corresponding information stored by institutions authorized by laws and regulations or government agencies.
You can choose whether to log in to Baidu Maps through the "one click login" method. If you choose this login method, the operator will process your phone number information.
When you log in to Baidu Maps through your Baidu account, with your authorization and consent, your usage information under the same Baidu account, including but not limited to your search history, favorite information, common address information, historical travel records, navigation information, and vehicle information (such as license plate number, vehicle type, power type, purchase year and month, vehicle model information), will be synchronized to Baidu Cloud to achieve information synchronization on different devices of the same Baidu account (including but not limited to Baidu Maps mobile version and Baidu Maps car version). You have the right to revoke the corresponding authorization, and Baidu Maps will no longer synchronize the corresponding information
1.3.  Publication and interaction
When you post comments and Q&A, we will collect the content of your comments, questions, answers, as well as uploaded images, audio and video, and display your nickname, avatar, post content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you use the publish pictures, audio and video functions, we will apply for the camera, photo, and recording permissions of your device system. If you refuse authorization to provide, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that Baidu Maps can achieve without the above permissions.
When you post navigation traffic chat messages/report navigation issues/post accident comments/post truck route mutual assistance chat messages, we will collect chat text, emojis, pictures, videos, shared routes and other information, and display your nickname, avatar, post content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you post a panoramic message, we will collect the panoramic message you have posted
Information and display your nickname, avatar, published content, and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you share information or receive shared information, we will redirect and share the information content by reading passwords, links, and other content in the clipboard.
When you follow or share your account, or browse, bookmark, follow, comment, like, and forward, we will collect your aforementioned information and display the content published by the corresponding content publisher's account, or recommend similar content or content publishers that you may be interested in.
The information you choose to publicly release will be visible to all users in principle. If it involves your personal information or even sensitive personal information, please consider carefully. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of others, you need to obtain their consent before making it public.
1.4.  Voice call
Baidu Maps provides you with voice calling services.
If you use the voice call function service, we will apply for your device system's permission to make calls and access the address book. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will only collect your contact name information in the address book to improve the recognition success rate of voice commands.
You can further learn about the voice call function service (Voice Assistant Skill Center) through the "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Usage Help and Privacy Settings Guide" - "Skills" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your dialing and access to your contacts, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on dialing and contact name information in your contacts, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on dialing and contact name information in your contacts. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that cannot be achieved based on the above permissions.
The contact name information in your address book is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of contact name information in your address book. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on making phone calls and contact name information in your address book, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on making phone calls and contact name information in your address book. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that are not based on making phone calls or accessing address book permissions.
1.5.  Record voice package
Baidu Maps provides you with a voice recording service.
If you use the recording voice package service, we will apply for recording permission for your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your voice information for the synthesis of voice packets.
You can further understand the recording voice package function service by going to "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Record Voice Package" - "Select Recording Mode" - "Voice Customization Rules" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your recording permission and stop our collection of your voice information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on voice information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on voice information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that cannot be achieved based on the above permissions.
Voice information may contain sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system's authorized recording access at any time to stop our collection of your voice information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on voice information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on voice information. However, it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps and other business functions that can be achieved without voice information.
1.6.  Voice assistant
Baidu Maps provides you with voice assistant services.
If you use the voice assistant function service, we will apply for recording permission for your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your voice information for Baidu Maps voice assistant to complete voice recognition, parsing, and execution of voice commands.
In addition, if you use Android 12 and above versions of the system, we will also apply for Bluetooth connection permission for your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will receive your voice commands and output feedback through Bluetooth when you use Bluetooth connection, and optimize the voice experience in Bluetooth usage scenarios. If you do not agree to authorization, you can also use the voice assistant service normally in non Bluetooth connection scenarios.
You can further understand the functions of the voice assistant by going to "My" - "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Voice Assistant" - "Skill Center" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your recording permission and Bluetooth permission, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the above voice based services or functions, or achieve the expected effects of the above voice based services, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
Voice information may contain sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your voice information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on voice information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on voice information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without recording permissions.
1.7.  footprint
Baidu Maps provides you with footprint services.
If you use Footprint Service, we will apply for location permission for your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your location information to record your travel location and route.
You can further learn about Footprint Services through the "My" - "Footprint" section in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your location permission and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the intended effect of the relevant services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your accuracy
Other business functions that can be implemented without the above permissions are commonly used on Baidu Maps.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without location permission.
1.8.  widget
Baidu Maps provides you with commuter card services and bus card services.
If you use commuter card or bus card services, we will apply for the location permission of your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your location information in order to display commuting road conditions and surrounding bus route information for you.
You can cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to obtain your location permission at any time, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without location permissions.
1.9.  Camera and AR services
When you use cameras and AR related services, we will apply for camera permissions and album storage permissions for your device system based on service needs, in order to provide you with services such as scanning codes, flower recognition, AR navigation, surrounding exploration, camera translation, etc.
You can click the camera button next to the search box on Baidu Maps to enter the camera function page and further learn about camera and AR related functional services
You can obtain your camera permission at any time by revoking the system authorization for Baidu Maps. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on the above information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
1.10.  Parking assistant
Baidu Maps provides you with a parking assistant platform service.
In the parking assistant platform service, you can use the functions of parking reservation, parking payment, and reverse car search.
If you use the parking reservation function, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number, license plate number, parking information (including the parking lot you have selected for reservation, parking time, parking duration, etc., specific information is subject to the page display). We will share your above information with third parties with your separate consent, so that the cooperating parking lot can reserve a parking space for you according to your requirements.
If you use the parking payment function, you need to provide us with your license plate number, and we will share your above information with a third party with your separate consent in order to check your parking fee order for you; If you need to pay parking fees, we will guide you to the payment system of the parking lot to make the payment.
If you use the reverse car search function, you need to provide us with your license plate number. With your separate consent, we will share your license plate number information with third parties to provide you with car search services and find your parking location. You can further understand the corresponding functions in the parking assistant through "My" - "Common Functions" - "Parking Assistant" in Baidu Maps.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.11.  Vehicle restriction reminder
Baidu Maps provides you with a vehicle restriction reminder service
If you use the vehicle restriction reminder service, you need to provide us with your vehicle information (such as license plate number, vehicle type, power type, vehicle model, vehicle parameters, etc.) and pass information in order to provide you with the vehicle restriction reminder service. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
You can add your vehicle through "My" - "Common Functions" - "All Functions" - "Owner Privileges" - "Owner Services" in Baidu Maps, and further learn about the vehicle restriction reminder service.
1.12.  take a taxi
If you use the taxi service, we will apply for the location permission of your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will collect your mobile phone number, account information, device information (such as IMEI), location information, order information, payment information, IP address, emergency contact name and contact information (if any), and share the above information with third-party service providers after you confirm the order, so that the third-party service providers can locate you, facilitate drivers to contact you, generate orders to achieve taxi services, and ensure your car safety. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
You can further learn about taxi services through "Taxi" - "Personal Center" - "Instructions" in Baidu Maps.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps' other business functions that can be achieved without location permissions.
1.13.  Food service
When you use food group buying, vouchers, and reservation services, you need to provide us with the name, gender, and phone number information of the diners. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with third parties to provide you with reception and notification SMS services.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps. It can be implemented without the above information
His function.
1.14.  Scenic spot tickets
When you use the attraction ticket booking service, you need to provide us with the name, mobile phone number, and ID number (some of which are involved) of the visitor. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with third parties so that they can provide you with attraction ticket booking services.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.15.  hotel reservation 
When you use the hotel reservation service, you need to provide us with the name, ID number (partially involved), mobile phone number, and order information of the check-in person. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with a third party so that the third party can provide you with reception and send notification messages and other services.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.16.  Wrong must be compensated
When you use the error compensation service, we will apply to obtain your navigation information (including driving and new energy) in order to verify the navigation problem you reported. At the same time, you need to provide us with your phone number so that we can verify the situation and provide feedback on the audit results.
When you use the violation protection service, you need to provide us with your license plate number, chassis number, and engine number in order to verify the violation issue you reported.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.17.  New service and feature operation, as well as customer service handling
Baidu Maps may occasionally initiate operational activities for newly launched services and features. If the newly launched services require processing of your personal information or applying for device system permissions without your authorization and consent, we will obtain your consent separately. If sensitive personal information processing is involved, we will obtain your separate consent separately.
If you participate in relevant operational activities, we may collect your identity information, contact information, shipping address information, transaction account information, etc. through the operational activity interface, in order to contact you and send you operational rewards. If you do not participate in the relevant operational activities, you do not need to provide the aforementioned information.
If you need to make an appointment for operational activities, we may apply for calendar permissions on your device system. You can cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to access your calendar at any time, stop our collection of your calendar information, and you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on calendar information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on calendar information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without calendar permissions;
When you participate in truck related operational activities, we will apply for the camera permission of your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we need you to upload your truck driving license to verify your eligibility to participate in the activity.
When you participate in map operation activities, if you need to share the activity poster with friends, we will apply for storage permission on your device system to store the activity poster image in your album.
When you participate in step count related operational activities, we will apply for your exercise and fitness permissions. With your authorization and consent, we will collect your daily step count information to help you complete step count and provide you with activity benefits. If you refuse authorization, you will not be able to participate in the aforementioned activities, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions of Baidu Maps.
If you have any questions about the products and services we provide or need customer service intervention for dispute resolution, in order to verify your identity and locate your issue, you may need to provide your identity information for verification. In order to ensure the quality of calls and the proper resolution of disputes, we may keep records of your communication with us, including call records, information you provide related to dispute resolution, and the contact information you use or provide.
1.18.  Message notification
Please be aware and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information (such as phone number) provided by you during the use of our products and/or services, for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, etc. In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in the SMS or contact us directly to unsubscribe.
1.19.  Additional functions based on location information
When you use the location-based services provided by Baidu Maps, we may collect and process information about your device, location, and network identity to enable you to use the following related services without manually entering your geographic coordinates. Location information includes precise location information obtained through GNSS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, base stations, and other sensor information (linear acceleration, rotation vector, acceleration, pressure, gravity, direction, geomagnetic field, gyroscope, pedometer, motion), as well as rough geographic location information obtained through IP addresses or other network information. When you use the following functions, we will request precise geographic location permission authorization. If you refuse to authorize precise geographic location permission, we will not provide the above services to you based on precise location information.
When you use the footprint service, in order to provide you with records of your travel location and route, we will collect your location information.
When you use travel recommendation and neighborhood recommendation services, in order to provide you with personalized content recommendations, we will collect your location information.
When you use ride hailing services, in order to provide you with ride hailing services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the search for nearby parking lot services, in order to provide you with information about nearby parking lots, we will collect your location information.
When you use driving/new energy/truck/motorcycle navigation and team services, in order to provide you with navigation functions and analyze and reproduce navigation problems, we will collect your location information.
When you use public transportation/walking/cycling/smart transportation/train/bus/plane services, in order to
You provide functions such as route planning, navigation, train number inquiry, as well as analysis and reproduction of navigation problems, and we will collect your location information.
When you use bus/real-time bus/subway services, in order to provide you with nearby bus, real-time bus, and subway information services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the Start Running/Running Route service, we collect your location information in order to provide you with running route services.
When you use the tracking service, in order to provide you with tracking services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the disembarkation reminder service, in order to provide you with the bus disembarkation reminder service, we will collect your location information.
When you use notification services, in order to provide you with personalized content recommendation services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the commuter card service, we collect your location information in order to display commuting traffic information to you.
When you use the bus card service, we will collect your location information in order to show you the surrounding bus route information.
When you use AR navigation and surrounding exploration services, in order to provide you with AR navigation and surrounding exploration services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the check-in service, in order to recommend a nearby check-in location within 1000m, we will collect your location information.
You can cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to access your precise location information at any time, and stop our collection of your precise geographic location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on precise location information, or achieve the intended effect of the relevant services provided based on precise location information. But this will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps for other business functions that cannot be achieved based on precise location information.
1.20.  Ensure service security, optimize and improve service objectives
When you use Baidu Maps, in order to ensure your normal use of Baidu Maps services, more accurately locate and solve the problems you encounter while using Baidu Maps services, improve and optimize the service experience of Baidu Maps, safeguard your account security, prevent, discover, investigate fraud, endangering security, illegal or violating our agreements, policies or rules, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, us or our affiliates, partners and the public, we will collect your device information, location information, log information and other information related to the login environment.
Please understand that when you switch from Baidu Maps on the device screen to running in the background, due to some device models and system reasons, the information collection behavior generated by your previous use of Baidu Maps related functions may not be immediately stopped, resulting in a brief background information collection behavior.
1.21.  Information aggregation and fusion, personalized recommendation, and automated decision-making
Convergence and Integration: You agree that we will use our own or entrusted technology to aggregate, identify, analyze, profile or further process the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service, and form multiple types and different granularity of tag information that can reflect your behavior habits, interests, credit status and other characteristics (hereinafter referred to as "tag information"). We will use the tag information for specific scenarios and purposes for automated decision-making, and push personalized display information and/or commercial marketing information to you. In addition to the information used for aggregation and fusion in this service, we may associate and aggregate the information collected from your various devices so that we can provide you with consistent services on these devices. For example, we may associate your device information or phone number with your Baidu account. In order to provide you with a consistent experience while ensuring that personal information is under the control of the same business entity and does not change the ability and management level of data security, the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service may be aggregated and integrated with the personal information you actively or passively provide in other products and services we operate, and may be further processed into tag information and used together in the process of providing you with this service or other products and services we operate. This type of aggregated and fused information does not contain information that can directly identify your personal identity. We will ensure the secure processing of the information after aggregation and fusion.
Personalized recommendation: We will recommend content that may be more interesting and relevant to you based on tag information, as well as your search and browsing behavior, device information, and location information within Baidu Maps. In personalized recommendation services, we will also provide you with a convenient way to refuse. We have established a mechanism for users to independently control the personal information (such as tags, portrait dimensions, etc.) that personalized displays rely on, ensuring your ability to regulate the relevance of personalized displays. Please refer to "5.9. Display and Control of Personalized Content and Advertising" in this policy for details.
Automated decision-making: Automated decision-making activities also rely on our processing of your usage behavior information, device information, location information, and tag information. If we make decisions that have a significant impact on your personal rights through automated decision-making, you have the right to comply with this policy
How to contact us "requires us to provide an explanation and has the right to refuse our decision solely through automated decision-making.
1.22.  Indirectly collecting information
In order to jointly provide you with products/services or improve the quality and personalization of product services, or for reasonable needs such as considering the security of products and services, we may receive your personal information and other information from Baidu platform, affiliated companies, partners, and other trusted third-party suppliers in accordance with laws and regulations or based on your valid authorization. We will require the personal information provider to explain the source of their personal information in advance and confirm the legality of their personal information source. At the same time, we will understand the scope of authorization and consent obtained by the personal information provider for personal information processing. If the personal information processing activities required for conducting business exceed the scope of authorization and consent obtained, we will obtain your explicit consent within a reasonable period of time after obtaining the personal information or before processing the personal information, or obtain your explicit consent through the personal information provider.
one
. 23. Exceptions with prior authorization and consent
Please note that in the following situations, collecting and using personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
Collect personal information that you have publicly disclosed to the public or other legally disclosed information within a reasonable range in accordance with laws and regulations;
Collect your personal information from legally disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
Academic research institutions conduct statistical or academic research necessary for the public interest, and when providing results of academic research or descriptions to external parties, they de identify the personal information contained in the results;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
1.24.  Anonymization of personal information
On the premise of not publicly disclosing or providing your personal information to the public, Baidu has the right to mine, analyze, and utilize the anonymized user database (including commercial use), and has the right to collect statistics on product/service usage and share anonymized statistical information with the public/third parties.
1.25.  Device permission call
In the process of providing services, in order to ensure that you can use the product functions normally, we will apply to the system for the following system device permissions for your device. Before applying, we will seek your consent, and you can choose to "allow" or "prohibit" the permission application. After obtaining your authorization, we will enable the relevant permissions. You can cancel the authorization in the system at any time. Cancelling the authorization will result in you being unable to use the relevant business functions, but it will not prevent you from using other business functions.
The invocation of system privacy permissions by various business functions is as follows:
Device permissions
Business Function
Authorization method for permissions
Can it be closed
position
Positioning, navigation, and recommendations for surrounding services
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Microphone
Voice assistant, customized voice pack recording, video shooting
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Photo
UGC、 Upload/store photos for public transportation, personalized voice cover, and parking services
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
camera
AR navigation, AR experience, photography/video uploading
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
mail list
Improve the accuracy of voice calling
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Advertising identifier IDFA
Improve and optimize the service experience; Advertising recommendations; Ensure the security of your account
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
notice
Message push and reminder
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
calendar
Operational activity tasks or lottery reminders
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Make a phone call
Voice call function
When the user uses the voice call function for the first time, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
storage
Read and write images, files, or cache information
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Equipment information
Improve and optimize the service experience; Ensure the security of your account
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
wireless network
Network connection for various business functions
When the user first opens Baidu Maps, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Sports and Fitness
Step count related operational activities
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
Bluetooth
High-precision positioning; Bluetooth device connection (including mobile car connectivity, Bluetooth connection for voice assistant use in scenarios)
When the user calls related functions, a pop-up window appears asking
yes
You can check the privacy permission details and turn off the corresponding permissions through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "System Permission Settings" - "Go to Application Permission Settings" in "Baidu Maps". The display and closing methods of permissions may vary among different devices. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines provided by the device and system developers for specific details.
1.26.  Other purposes that you have agreed to separately
When we use information for purposes not specified in this privacy policy, we will seek your consent in advance. When we want to use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance.
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How do we share, transfer, publicly disclose, and entrust the processing of your personal information
Cookie and anonymous identifier tool Cookie is a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client-side. When you use Baidu Maps products or services, we will send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. When you interact with Baidu Maps service, we allow cookies or anonymous identifiers to be sent to Baidu company servers. Cookie
Usually includes identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. By using cookie technology, Baidu can understand your usage habits, remember your preferences, save you the step of entering duplicate information, and help you determine the security of your account. Cookies can also help us gather traffic information, analyze the effectiveness of page design and advertising.
We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details, please refer to
AboutCookies.org。 You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have cookies blocking features
The function. But if you do so, you will need to personally change your user settings every time you visit our website, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or features provided by Baidu that rely on cookies due to such changes.
You can do it through
IOS: [My] - [Settings] - [Reset Map] - [Delete Cache Data] Clear your cookies and restrict Baidu's use of cookies.
Android: [My] - [Settings] - [Privacy Settings] - [System Privacy Permissions] - [Storage] Clear your cookies and restrict Baidu's use of cookies.
3. How do we share, transfer, publicly disclose, and entrust the processing of your personal information and the third parties we access
3.1 Sharing
Unless with your prior separate consent or in compliance with other laws and regulations, we will not share your personal information with third parties other than Baidu, except for those that cannot identify specific individuals and cannot be restored after processing.
We will investigate the data security environment of companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, sign strict confidentiality agreements, and require them to handle personal information in accordance with legal confidentiality and security measures.
We may share your personal information with the following third parties in the following situations:
3.1.1.  Third party product or service providers
Baidu Maps has integrated rich third-party services (including third-party mini programs). When you access third-party services through Baidu Maps, you may need to submit your personal information. We will provide your personal information to third parties who provide services to you based on your valid authorization or as necessary to enter into and perform contracts to which you are a party. Regarding how third-party services collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party services.
When you participate in marketing activities or service content provided by third parties, based on service needs, you may need to provide account nickname, avatar, name, contact information, and other information. We will share your personal information with third parties with your separate consent or when necessary for the third party to provide you with marketing activities or service content, in order to ensure that the third party can smoothly provide you with services or timely redeem rewards from you. If necessary to provide you with marketing activities or service content, and you refuse to share, third parties will be unable to provide you with services or refuse your participation.
Baidu Maps has integrated rich third-party mini program services. Third party mini programs may collect and use your relevant information, invoke your device permissions, in order for you to use the services they provide. The information collected and used by different third-party mini program services, as well as the types of device permissions invoked, may vary. When you choose to use third-party mini program services, with your authorization and consent, we will provide your information to the third-party mini program service provider based on your authorization, so that they can provide services to you based on the relevant information. Regarding the specific device permission types called by third-party mini programs, as well as how to collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party mini programs.
If you would like to further understand the third-party services we access, please read the 'List of Shared Personal Information with Third Parties'.
3.1.2.  Related companies or users of the same account system
We have highly consistent data security measures and management levels with our affiliated companies or users of the same account system. In order to jointly provide you with services, improve the security and convenience of your use of products, and ensure a consistent service experience, we will share your personal information among affiliated companies or users of the same account system, subject to legal requirements. In this case, we will only share necessary personal information. If we share your sensitive personal information or if the recipient changes the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
For users of the same account system, in order to comply with regulatory requirements, ensure account security, provide consistent display, and contact you, based on your valid authorization, we may share your account information.
When you use Duxiaoman Financial, Youqianhua, and Duxiaoman Wealth Management services through your Baidu account, we will share your account username, nickname, avatar, bound real name information (such as name, ID number, and mobile phone number), account risk situation (including login situation), and IP information with the service provider (Duxiaoman Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.). After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your IDFA/IDFV information and, with your further authorization, display your wallet balance, credit limit, and other content. We will strictly control the scope of information use.
3.1.3.  You voluntarily choose to share personal information with a third party
You can use the sharing function of Baidu Maps to share with Baidu friends, QQ friends, WeChat friends, Weibo friends, including but not limited to information content and search results that interest you. Please fully consider the credibility of the information recipient before using third-party services or sharing functions, and we recommend that you review the personal information processing rules (such as privacy policies) of the social networks or third-party service providers you use to understand how they handle your information, in order to make prudent decisions.
If you have signed corresponding authorization agreements or documents with credit reporting agencies (such as Baihang Credit Reporting, Pudao Credit Reporting, etc.), financial institutions, or other institutions, based on your aforementioned authorization and agreement and this policy, we will conduct comprehensive statistics, analysis, or processing of your personal information and provide the data processing results to the aforementioned agencies.
3.2.  transfer the possession of
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual other than Baidu, except for the following situations:
Obtain your explicit authorization or consent in advance
Meet the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory government requirements, or judicial rulings;
If we or our affiliates are involved in transactions such as mergers, divisions, liquidations, acquisitions or sales of assets or businesses, your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will ensure the confidentiality of such information at the time of transfer, inform you of the recipient's name or contact information, and make every effort to do so
We may ensure that new companies or organizations holding your personal information continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
3.3.  Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
Obtain your separate consent
Based on laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements from government regulatory authorities.
When issuing punishment notices for illegal accounts and behaviors, we will disclose information about the relevant accounts, which inevitably includes account related authentication information and violations.
3.4.  Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information does not require prior authorization and consent from the personal information subject:
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests. For example, necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
Process personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations
In cases where laws and administrative regulations provide otherwise.
3.5.  The third-party software development kit (SDK) we access
In order to adapt to the use of Baidu Maps and third-party platform services on different mobile devices, achieve your mobile device identity authentication, mobile device security, receive information push notifications, log in to third-party platform accounts, share information through third-party platforms, and ensure payment security, Baidu Maps has integrated third-party SDKs. The above-mentioned third-party SDK providers include mobile device manufacturers, social platforms, communication operators, and third-party payment institutions. Some third-party SDKs may call your device permissions and obtain your relevant information, so that you can use the corresponding functions normally on different mobile devices or third-party platforms. The device permission types and information obtained by different third-party SDKs may vary, including obtaining your location, reading/writing your external storage card, reading your phone status and identity, viewing WLAN connections, retrieving running applications/Bluetooth information, booting up, and retrieving permissions for ongoing applications. Regarding the specific device permission types called by third-party SDKs, as well as how to collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party SDKs. If you would like to further understand the situation of the third-party SDK we have integrated, please read the third-party SDK situation description.
3.6.  Entrusted processing and joint processing
In order to better serve you, we may entrust third-party partners to process your personal information. We will only entrust third-party partners to process your information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will strictly limit the information processing purposes of the trustee and require the trustee to adopt sufficient data security measures. If a third-party partner uses your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately. Our authorized partners include advertising and analytics service providers. We will entrust these partners to handle information related to advertising placement, advertising effectiveness, and advertising reach, while complying with industry standard security technologies. Without your valid authorization, we will not entrust third-party partners to process information that can directly identify your personal identity. If you voluntarily leave your contact information, address information, and other personal information for a specific third-party partner to contact you, they will directly process your personal information.
In the context of joint processing, we will also sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and fulfill relevant personal information protection obligations.
4. How do we store and protect your personal information
4.1.  Retention period
We will keep your personal information for the period required to provide the service, but in cases where laws and regulations have other provisions on the retention period, you agree to keep it for a longer period, ensure the safety and quality of the service, achieve dispute resolution purposes, or it is technically difficult to achieve, we will extend the retention period in accordance with the law, contract, or within a reasonable range after the expiration of the aforementioned retention period.
After exceeding the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with legal regulations.
4.2.  Save Region
In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If your personal information may be transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country/region where you use the product or service, or accessed from these jurisdictions, we will strictly fulfill our obligations under laws and regulations and obtain your separate consent in advance in accordance with legal requirements. Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws, or even no relevant laws in place. In such cases, we will transfer your personal information in accordance with the current laws of China and ensure that your personal information receives sufficient and equal protection within the territory of the People's Republic of China. For example, we may request your consent for cross-border transfer of personal information, or implement security measures such as data de identification before cross-border data transfer.
4.3.  Security measures
We will collect, use, store, and transmit user information based on the principle of "minimization", and inform you of the purpose and scope of the use of relevant information through user agreements and privacy policies.
We attach great importance to information security. We have established a dedicated team responsible for developing and applying various security technologies and programs. We conduct security background checks on security management personnel and key security positions. We have established a sound information security management system and internal security incident handling mechanism. We will take appropriate security measures and technological means that comply with industry standards to store and protect your personal information, in order to prevent loss, unauthorized access, public disclosure, and use of your information
Damaged, lost, or leaked. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked.
We will cultivate employees' awareness of data security and provide training and assessment on security capabilities to strengthen their understanding of the importance of protecting personal information. We will authenticate the identity and control the permissions of employees who process personal information, and sign confidentiality agreements with employees and partners who come into contact with your personal information, clarifying job responsibilities and codes of conduct to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. If there is any violation of the confidentiality agreement, the cooperation relationship with Baidu will be immediately terminated and relevant legal responsibilities will be pursued. Confidentiality requirements will also be imposed on personnel who have access to personal information when leaving their posts.
We remind you that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. When you interact with other users about your geographical location or track information through third-party social software, email, SMS, etc. embedded in Baidu Maps, you are not sure whether the third-party software has fully encrypted the transmission of information, and pay attention to ensuring the security of your personal information.
We also ask you to understand that in the Internet industry, due to the limitations and rapid development of technology and various possible malicious attacks, even if we try our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security of information. Please be aware that the systems and communication networks you use when using our products and/or services may have security issues beyond our control.
According to our security management system, incidents of personal information leakage, damage, or loss are classified as major security incidents. Once they occur, the company's highest level emergency plan will be activated, and a joint emergency response team consisting of multiple departments such as the Security Department, Public Affairs Department, and Legal Department will be formed to handle them.
4.4.  Security incident notification
We will develop emergency plans for network security incidents, promptly deal with security risks such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions. In the event of an incident that endangers network security, we will immediately activate the emergency plan, take corresponding remedial measures, and report to the relevant authorities in accordance with regulations.
Personal information leakage, damage, and loss are classified as major security incidents at the company level. We will be responsible for regularly organizing security plan drills for our team members to prevent such incidents from occurring. If an unfortunate event occurs, we will activate the emergency plan according to the highest priority, form an emergency response team, trace the cause in the shortest possible time, and reduce losses.
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for risks that you can independently prevent and reduce, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through on-site notifications, SMS notifications, phone calls, emails, and other contact information you have reserved. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements. Please understand that according to laws and regulations, if the measures we take can effectively prevent information leakage, tampering, or loss from causing harm, we may choose not to notify you of the personal information security incident unless required by regulatory authorities.
5. Your rights
6. How do we handle the personal information of minors
7. Revision of Privacy Policy
8. How to contact us
We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you and that providing effective protection for your information is the cornerstone of the healthy and sustainable development of our business. Thank you for using and trusting Baidu Maps! We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum necessity, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency.
We will take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information in accordance with mature industry security standards.
We will follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity to collect and use your personal information. If you provide personal information of others, please ensure that you have obtained authorization from the relevant parties, and we reserve the right to verify the legitimate source of such personal information at any time.
For the convenience of your understanding, we have listed the basic business functions, processing purposes, and required personal information provided as follows:
1.1.  Search and browse
You don't need to log in to your Baidu account to use Baidu Maps' search and browsing services. In order to fulfill the obligations of network security guarantee and Internet information content management as stipulated by laws and regulations, and to show you more relevant and interesting content, our server will automatically record your activity information according to law, including the following:
The search keyword information you entered
The keyword information and search route you entered for the starting and ending points of driving/new energy/truck/taxi/motorcycle/public transportation/walking/cycling/smart transportation/train/bus/plane
The commuting, common address, itinerary information, and commonly used function information you entered
Your device information (such as Android ID, IDFA dynamic identifier, etc.)
Your other log information
We may also use the aforementioned information to provide you with more convenient search services and continuously improve Baidu Maps products and services. For this purpose, we may also use mechanisms such as browser network storage (including HTML5) and application data caching to collect information from your device and store it locally.
The commuting, frequently used address, and itinerary information you input are stored locally on your terminal by default. When you log in to Baidu Maps through your Baidu account, with your separate authorization and consent, your commuting, frequently used addresses, and travel information under the same Baidu account will be synchronized to Baidu Cloud to achieve information synchronization on different devices of the same Baidu account (including but not limited to Baidu Maps mobile version and Baidu Maps car version). You have the right to revoke the corresponding authorization, and Baidu Maps will no longer synchronize the corresponding information.
1.2.  Register and log in to an account
You can create a Baidu universal account through your phone number, and you can also improve your account information.
When registering and logging into a Baidu universal account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number. You can choose to set the account name, avatar, login password, and account binding email.
If you do not register an account or log in to Baidu Maps, it will not prevent you from using most of the business functions of Baidu Maps, but it may affect the use of business functions that require real name authentication. In order to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information you provide, or to ensure the security of your account, we may compare and verify the real name information you provide to Baidu with the corresponding information stored by institutions authorized by laws and regulations or government agencies.
You can choose whether to log in to Baidu Maps through the "one click login" method. If you choose this login method, the operator will process your phone number information.
When you log in to Baidu Maps through your Baidu account, with your authorization and consent, your usage information under the same Baidu account, including but not limited to your search history, favorite information, common address information, historical travel records, navigation information, and vehicle information (such as license plate number, vehicle type, power type, purchase year and month, vehicle model information), will be synchronized to Baidu Cloud to achieve information synchronization on different devices of the same Baidu account (including but not limited to Baidu Maps mobile version and Baidu Maps car version). You have the right to revoke the corresponding authorization, and Baidu Maps will no longer synchronize the corresponding information.
1.3.  Message notification
Please be aware and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information provided by you during the use of the product and/or service (such as contact phone number) for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, etc. In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in the SMS or contact us directly to unsubscribe. You can also turn off receiving commercial messages by using the Android version's "Settings" - "General Settings" - "Receive Marketing SMS Push" or the iOS version's "Settings" - "About Baidu Maps" - "Privacy Settings" - "Programmatic Advertising Settings" - "Receive Marketing SMS Push" switch.
1.4.  Positioning related services
Accurate location information
You can refuse to authorize precise geographic location permission, or at any time, cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to access your precise geographic location information, and stop our collection of your precise geographic location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the basic functional services provided based on precise location information, or achieve the intended effect of the basic functional services provided based on precise location information.
1.5. Ensure service security, optimize and improve service objectives
When you use Baidu Maps, in order to ensure your normal use of Baidu Maps services, more accurately locate and solve the problems you encounter while using Baidu Maps services, improve and optimize the service experience of Baidu Maps, safeguard your account security, prevent, discover, investigate fraud, endangering security, illegal or violation of our agreements, policies or rules, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, us or our affiliates, partners and the public, we will collect your device information, including device attribute information (hardware model, advertising identifier IDFA, anonymous device identifier OAID, Android ID), device parameters and system information (operating system version and system situation, device configuration), device connection information (browser type, telecommunications). Operator, language used, WIFI information SSID、BSSID）、 Log information and other information related to the login environment. Only when user behavior triggers risk control conditions (frequent password input errors, frequent remote login, frequent IP switching, risky IP, risky devices, risky accounts, abnormal operations), we will access your terminal's installed application list and only upload the package name information of uncommon apps. We will not upload common app information such as WeChat, Weibo, or other information such as app installation time.
Please understand that when you switch from Baidu Maps on the device screen to running in the background, due to some device models and system reasons, the information collection behavior generated by your previous use of Baidu Maps related functions may not be immediately stopped, resulting in a brief background information collection behavior.
1.6.  Information aggregation and fusion, personalized recommendation, and automated decision-making
Automated decision-making
In order to provide you with a consistent experience while ensuring that personal information is under the control of the same business entity and does not change the ability and management level of data security, the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service may be aggregated and integrated with the personal information you actively or passively provide in other products and services we operate, and may be further processed into tag information and used together in the process of providing you with this service or other products and services we operate. This type of aggregated and fused information does not contain information that can directly identify your personal identity. We will ensure the secure processing of the information after aggregation and fusion
Personalized recommendations
1.7.  Indirectly collecting information
In order to jointly provide you with products/services or improve the quality and personalization of product services, or for reasonable needs such as considering the security of products and services, we may receive your personal information and other information from Baidu platform, affiliated companies, partners, and other trusted third-party suppliers in accordance with laws and regulations or based on your valid authorization. We will require the personal information provider to explain the source of their personal information in advance and confirm the legality of their personal information source. At the same time, we will understand the scope of authorization and consent obtained by the personal information provider for personal information processing. If the personal information processing activities required for conducting business exceed the scope of authorization and consent obtained, we will obtain your explicit consent within a reasonable period of time after obtaining the personal information or before processing the personal information, or obtain your explicit consent through the personal information provider.
1.8.  Exceptions with prior authorization and consent
Please note: In the following situations, collect
The use of personal information does not require prior authorization or consent from you
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
Process personal information that individuals have voluntarily disclosed or other legally disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
1.9.  Anonymization of personal information
On the premise of not publicly disclosing or providing your personal information to the public, Baidu has the right to mine, analyze, and utilize the anonymized user database (including commercial use), and has the right to collect statistics on product/service usage and share anonymized statistical information with the public/third parties.
1.10.  Device permission call
In the process of providing services, in order to ensure that you can use the product functions normally, we will apply to the system for the following system device permissions for your device. Before applying, we will seek your consent, and you can choose to "allow" or "prohibit" the permission application. After your authorization, we will enable the relevant permissions. You can cancel the authorization in the system at any time. Cancelling the authorization will result in you being unable to use the relevant business functions, but it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps. Other business functions that can be implemented without this permission will not be affected.
The invocation of system privacy permissions by various business functions is as follows
You can check the privacy permission details and turn off the corresponding permissions through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Settings" - "System Permission Settings" - "Go to Application Permission Settings" in "Baidu Maps". The display and closing methods of permissions may vary among different devices. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines provided by the device and system developers for specific details.
1.11.  Other purposes that you have agreed to separately
When we use information for purposes not specified in this privacy policy, we will seek your consent in advance. When we want to use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance
We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For more details, please refer to AboutCookies.org. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to personally change your user settings every time you visit our website, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or features provided by Baidu that rely on cookies due to such changes.
You can do it through
3. How do we share, transfer, publicly disclose, and entrust the processing of your personal information and the third parties we access
3.1 Sharing
Unless with your prior separate consent or in compliance with other laws and regulations, we will not share your personal information with third parties other than Baidu, except for those that cannot identify specific individuals and cannot be restored after processing.
We will investigate the data security environment of companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, sign strict confidentiality agreements, and require them to handle personal information in accordance with legal confidentiality and security measures.
We may share your personal information with the following third parties in the following situations:
3.1.1.  Third party product or service providers
Baidu Maps has integrated rich third-party services (including third-party mini programs). When you access third-party services through Baidu Maps, you may need to submit your personal information. We will provide your personal information to third parties who provide services to you based on your valid authorization or as necessary to enter into and perform contracts to which you are a party.
When you participate in marketing activities or service content provided by third parties, based on service needs, you may need to provide account nickname, avatar, name, contact information, and other information. We will share your personal information with third parties with your separate consent or when necessary for the third party to provide you with marketing activities or service content, in order to ensure that the third party can smoothly provide you with services or timely redeem rewards from you. If necessary to provide you with marketing activities or service content, and you refuse to share, third parties will be unable to provide you with services or refuse your participation.
Baidu Maps has integrated rich third-party mini program services. Third party mini programs may collect and use your relevant information, invoke your device permissions, in order for you to use the services they provide. The information collected and used by different third-party mini program services, as well as the types of device permissions invoked, may vary. When you choose to use third-party mini program services, with your authorization and consent, we will provide your information to the third-party mini program service provider based on your authorization, so that they can provide services to you based on the relevant information. Regarding the specific device permission types called by third-party mini programs, as well as how to collect and use your personal information, we suggest that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party mini programs.
3.1.2.  Related companies or users of the same account system
We have highly consistent data security measures and management levels with our affiliated companies or users of the same account system. In order to jointly provide you with services, improve the security and convenience of your use of products, and ensure a consistent service experience, we will share your personal information among affiliated companies or users of the same account system, subject to legal requirements. In this case, we will only share necessary personal information. If we share your sensitive personal information or if the recipient changes the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.
3.1.3.  You voluntarily choose to share personal information with a third party
You can use the sharing function of Baidu Maps to share with Baidu friends, QQ friends, WeChat friends, Weibo friends, including but not limited to information content and search results that interest you. Please fully consider the credibility of the information recipient before using third-party services or sharing functions, and it is recommended that you check the social media platforms you use
The personal information processing rules (such as privacy policies) of online or third-party service providers are used to understand how they handle your information for prudent decision-making.
If you have signed corresponding authorization agreements or documents with credit reporting agencies (such as Baihang Credit Reporting, Pudao Credit Reporting, etc.), financial institutions, or other institutions, based on your aforementioned authorization and agreement and this policy, we will conduct comprehensive statistics, analysis, or processing of your personal information and provide the data processing results to the aforementioned agencies.
3.2.  transfer the possession of
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual other than Baidu, except for the following situations:
Obtain your explicit authorization or consent in advance
Meet the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory government requirements, or judicial rulings;
If we or our affiliates are involved in transactions such as mergers, divisions, liquidations, acquisitions or sales of assets or businesses, your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will ensure the confidentiality of such information at the time of transfer, inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient, and make every effort to ensure that the new company or organization holding your personal information continues to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
3.3.  Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
Obtain your separate consent;
Under the mandatory requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or government regulatory authorities;
When issuing punishment notices for illegal accounts and behaviors, we will disclose information about the relevant accounts, which inevitably includes account related authentication information and violations.
3.4.  Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following situations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information does not require prior authorization and consent from the personal information subject:
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
3.5.  The third-party software development kit (SDK) we access
3.6.  Entrusted processing and joint processing
In order to better serve you, we may entrust third-party partners to process your personal information. We will only entrust third-party partners to process your information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will strictly limit the information processing purposes of the trustee and require the trustee to adopt sufficient data security measures. If a third-party partner uses your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately. Our authorized partners include advertising and analytics service providers. We will entrust these partners to handle information related to advertising placement, advertising effectiveness, and advertising reach, while complying with industry standard security technologies. Without your valid authorization, we will not entrust third-party partners to process information that can directly identify your personal identity. If you voluntarily leave your contact information, address information, and other personal information for a specific third-party partner to contact you, they will directly process your personal information.
In the context of joint processing, we will also sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and fulfill relevant personal information protection obligations.
4.1.  Retention period
We will keep your personal information for the period required to provide the service, but in cases where laws and regulations have other provisions on the retention period, you agree to keep it for a longer period, ensure the safety and quality of the service, achieve dispute resolution purposes, or it is technically difficult to achieve, we will extend the retention period in accordance with the law, contract, or within a reasonable range after the expiration of the aforementioned retention period.
After exceeding the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with legal regulations.
4.2.  Save Region
In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If your personal information may be transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country/region where you use the product or service, or accessed from these jurisdictions, we will strictly fulfill our obligations under laws and regulations and obtain your separate consent in advance in accordance with legal requirements.
4.3.  Security measures
We will collect, use, store, and transmit user information based on the principle of "minimization", and inform you of the purpose and scope of the use of relevant information through user agreements and privacy policies.
We attach great importance to information security. We have established a dedicated team responsible for developing and applying various security technologies and programs. We conduct security background checks on security management personnel and key security positions. We have established a sound information security management system and internal security incident handling mechanism. We will take appropriate security measures and technological means that comply with industry standards to store and protect your personal information, in order to prevent loss, unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, damage, loss or leakage of your information. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked.
If there is any violation of the confidentiality agreement, the partnership with Baidu will be immediately terminated
When you interact with other users about your geographic location or whereabouts information through third-party social media apps, emails, SMS, etc. embedded in Baidu Maps, it is uncertain whether the third-party software fully encrypts the transmission of information. Please ensure the security of your personal information
Please be aware that the systems and communication networks you use when using our products and/or services may result in security issues beyond our control
According to our security management system, incidents of personal information leakage, damage, or loss are classified as major security incidents, and once they occur, the company's highest level emergency plan will be activated
4.4.  Security incident notification
We will develop emergency plans for network security incidents, promptly deal with security risks such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions. In the event of an incident that endangers network security, we will immediately activate the emergency plan, take corresponding remedial measures, and report to relevant supervisors in accordance with regulations
Departmental report.
Personal information leakage, damage, and loss are classified as major security incidents at the company level. We will be responsible for regularly organizing security plan drills for our team members to prevent such incidents from occurring. If an unfortunate event occurs, we will activate the emergency plan according to the highest priority, form an emergency response team, trace the cause in the shortest possible time, and reduce losses.
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for risks that you can independently prevent and reduce, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through on-site notifications, SMS notifications, phone calls, emails, and other contact information you have reserved. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements. Please understand that according to laws and regulations, if the measures we take can effectively prevent information leakage, tampering, or loss from causing harm, we may choose not to notify you of the personal information security incident unless required by regulatory authorities.
According to relevant laws, regulations, standards in China, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information. If you have any questions or claims about the exercise of these rights, you can also contact us through the methods provided in [8. How to contact us]:
5.1.  Right to access
In principle, you can access your personal information through the following methods
Account information: You can log in to passport.baidu.com or visit 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】 at any time to access or edit your personal profile information in your account, change your password, perform account association or identity authentication, etc.
Follow real-time bus information: You can view or clear the real-time bus information in 【 Route 】 - 【 Public Transportation 】 - 【 Real time Bus 】.
Follow bus route information: You can view or clear the follow bus route information in 【 Route 】 - 【 Public Transportation 】 - 【 My Route 】.
Collect bus/walking/cycling/new energy/driving/truck/motorcycle route information: You can view or clear the following route information in 【 My 】 - 【 Favorite Common 】.
Driving/new energy/truck/motorcycle/running route/historical trajectory information: You can view or clear historical trajectory information in 【 My 】 - 【 Footprints 】 - 【 Details 】.
Taxi order information: You can view or clear taxi order information in 【 Taxi 】 - 【 Personal Center 】 - 【 Order Center 】 or 【 My 】 - 【 Orders 】.
Parking record information: You can view or clear your parking record information in 【 Home Common Functions 】 - 【 Parking Assistant 】 - 【 Parking History 】.
Commuting information: You can set, view, and clear your commuting information in the "Homepage Travel Up Channel" - "Edit".
Common address information: You can set, view, and clear your common address information in the "Homepage Travel Up Channel" - "Edit".
Travel information: You can set, view, and clear your travel information in 【 Home Common Functions 】 - 【 More 】 - 【 Travel Assistant 】.
Recording voice package information: You can view or clear the recorded voice package information on [Home Common Functions] - [More] - [Recording Voice Packages] - click "Cancel" - [My Voice] - [My Recorded Voice Packages].
Panoramic comment information: You can view or delete panoramic comment information in 【 Home Common Functions 】 - 【 Panoramic 】 - 【 My Messages 】.
Common functions set: You can set, view, and clear your common functions in the "Home Common Functions" - "More" section.
5.2.  Correction and supplementation rights
When you discover that the personal information we process about you is incorrect or incomplete, after verifying your identity and ensuring that the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information, you have the right to make corrections or supplements to the incorrect or incomplete information. You can make corrections or supplements yourself through "My" - "Settings" - "Account Management" in "Baidu Maps", or submit your correction or supplement application to us through feedback and error reporting.
5.3.  Delete Right
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
If we violate laws and regulations or our agreement with you to process your personal information;
If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
If we cease to provide products or services, or if the retention period has expired;
If you withdraw your consent;
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated. Please be aware and understand that if the retention period stipulated by laws, administrative regulations or this privacy policy has not expired, or if it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security measures.
5.4.  Withdrawal of consent
If we violate laws and regulations or our agreement with you to process your personal information;
If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
If we cease to provide products or services, or if the retention period has expired;
If you withdraw your consent;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated. Please be aware and understand that if the retention period stipulated by laws, administrative regulations or this privacy policy has not expired, or if it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security measures.
5.4.  Withdrawal of consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For the collection and use of additional personal information, you may give or revoke your authorization and consent at any time.
You can log in to passport.baidu.com or visit
【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】 - 【 Authorization Management 】, to unbind Baidu accounts from third-party accounts, you can also disable some function options and revoke some authorizations through multiple settings in the personal center of Baidu Maps (such as common address settings, navigation settings, privacy settings, etc.).
You can directly disable system permissions such as precise geographic location information, address book, camera, microphone, album permissions, etc. in the device system, change the scope of consent, or revoke your authorization.
After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent, and we will no longer use your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the personal information processing that was previously carried out based on your consent.
5.5.  Right of cancellation
You can also cancel your account on Baidu Maps through the following path: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】 - 【 Account Cancellation 】 - 【 Cancel Baidu Unified Account 】.
If you only need to cancel your usage data on Baidu Maps, you can achieve it through the following path: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】 - 【 Account Cancellation 】 - 【 Cancel this APP usage data 】. After logging out of your usage data on Baidu Maps, all your usage traces will not be retained, and the rights you purchased, such as purchased voice packs, created digital characters, etc., will be deleted and cannot be restored. At the same time, you will also exit the login status of your Baidu Unified Account on Baidu Maps.
When you authorize login to Baidu Maps through a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ, etc.), you need to apply for account cancellation from the third party.
5.6.  Reproduction and portability rights
You have the right to copy the personal information we collect from you. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, and in compliance with the instructions and conditions set by the national cyberspace administration, if technically feasible, you may also request us to transfer your personal information to other entities designated by you. You can copy the personal information we collect from you through the following path: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 About Baidu Maps 】 - 【 Personal Information Export 】.
5.7.  Advance notification of the right to cease operation of products and services
Baidu Maps is willing to accompany you all the time. If Baidu Maps products stop operating due to special reasons, we will notify you within a reasonable period of time on the main page or internal message of the product or service, or by sending you an email or other suitable means that can reach you. We will also stop collecting your personal information and delete or anonymize the collected personal information in accordance with legal provisions.
If you only need to clear your usage history on Baidu Maps, you can refer to the following path to achieve it: 【 Mine 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】-
[Account Cancellation] - [Delete the current application service trace].
When you authorize login to Baidu Maps through a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ, etc.), you need to apply for account cancellation from the third party.
5.6.  Reproduction and portability rights
You have the right to copy the personal information we collect from you. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, and in compliance with the instructions and conditions set by the national cyberspace administration, if technically feasible, you may also request us to transfer your personal information to other entities designated by you.
5.7.  Advance notification of the right to cease operation of products and services
Baidu Maps is willing to accompany you all the time. If Baidu Maps products stop operating due to special reasons, we will notify you within a reasonable period of time on the main page or internal message of the product or service, or by sending you an email or other suitable means that can reach you. We will also stop collecting your personal information and delete or anonymize the collected personal information in accordance with legal provisions.
5.8.  The right to obtain an explanation
You have the right to request an explanation of our personal information processing rules. You can contact us through the contact information provided in section eight.
5.9.  Display and control of personalized content and advertisements
5.9.1 Display and Control of Personalized Content
For your convenience in independently controlling the personalized information you wish to receive, you can dynamically adjust your interest preferences through the following path, and we will push relevant personalized content based on your choices.
You can dynamically adjust the channels of interest in the "Message Settings" section of Baidu Maps. Baidu Maps will adjust according to your channel and display the content you are interested in on the homepage of the message center.
You can also make adjustments at any time while browsing personalized recommended content. If you do not like or are not interested in the personalized recommended content displayed, you can close the content at any time by clicking the "X" icon or icon on the right side of the content. We also provide a reporting/feedback portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
route:
[The "X" icon on the right side of the push article on the homepage of the message center] - [Reason for selection] - [Confirm]
【 Feedback button at the bottom left corner of the article page 】 - 【 Reason selection 】 - 【 Submit 】
If you do not wish to receive personalized content pushed to you based on your interests and preferences, you can turn off personalized content recommendations through 【 Settings 】 - 【 About Baidu Maps 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Recommendation Settings 】. When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, you will not be able to enjoy personalized recommendation services. We will display content to you based on non personalized factors such as content popularity. You may see content that you are not interested in or even dislike, and your user experience may be affected.
If you do not wish to receive personalized content pushed to you based on your interests and preferences, you can turn off personalized content recommendations through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Recommendation Settings 】. When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, you will not be able to enjoy personalized recommendation services. We will display content to you based on non personalized factors such as content popularity. You may see content that you are not interested in or even dislike, and your user experience may be affected.
5.9.2 Display and Control of Personalized Advertising
We may collect and use advertising identification information that complies with national or industry group standards, which is generated based on non sensitive personal information such as device models and system configurations, in order to
While ensuring your privacy and service security, we provide you with more personalized advertisements, allowing you to enjoy more convenient services. After we launch this feature, we will also provide you with a shutdown function and inform you of the shutdown path. If you do not want us to use the advertising logo information for the above purposes, you can choose to disable it at any time. After closing, we will no longer obtain and process the Internet advertising logo.
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising content that we push to you based on your interests and preferences, you can choose to turn off personalized advertising recommendations through 【 Settings 】 - 【 About Baidu Maps 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Programmatic Advertising Settings 】. When you choose to turn off personalized ad recommendations, we will display content to you based on non personalized factors such as content popularity. You may see ads that you are not interested in or even like, and your user experience may be affected.
Programmatic advertising is one of the general advertising technologies that intelligently recommends based on your preferences within third-party applications. We only provide programmatic advertising docking technology and will not obtain your behavior or personal data within third-party applications. You can choose to turn on or off this technology by turning on/off 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Programmatic Advertising Settings 】. If the switch is turned on, the number of ads you see will not decrease, but the accuracy of the ads will decrease.
Manage advertising push
5.10.  Exceptions to the Exercise of Rights
We may not be able to respond to your requests for review, correction, supplementation, deletion, copying, portability, information, and decision-making in the following situations:
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
We have sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice or abuse of power (such as your request will endanger public safety and the legitimate rights and interests of others, or your request exceeds the scope that can be covered by general technical means and commercial costs);
Responding to requests from personal information subjects will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
Involving trade secrets;
In cases where laws and administrative regulations provide otherwise.
5.11.  How to respond to your rights request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways.
We generally do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests,
6. How do we handle the personal information of minors
Baidu attaches great importance to the protection of minors' information.
Our products and services are mainly aimed at adults. We will only process personal information of minors with the permission of laws and regulations and the consent of parents or other guardians.
Use our products and services, or provide us with information, with the consent of your parents or other guardians.
If we discover that personal information of minors under the age of 14 has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents or other guardians in advance, we will take measures to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If at any time the guardian has reason to believe that we have collected personal information of minors without their consent, please contact us through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Help and Feedback 】 - 【 Feedback Suggestions 】 in Baidu Maps, and we will take measures to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
7. Revision of Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy may change.
Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. We will post any changes made to this privacy policy on this page.
For significant changes, we will notify you on the main exposure page or internal message of the product or service, or by sending you an email or other suitable means that can reach you.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
The main recipients of personal information provided, transferred or publicly disclosed to the outside world have changed;
There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
If there are any matters not covered in this privacy policy, the "Baidu Privacy Protection Statement" shall prevail
8. How to contact us
The growth of Baidu Maps cannot be separated from the joint efforts of various user experts. We greatly appreciate your contribution to updating Baidu Maps data and providing feedback on usage.
You can go to 【 My 】 - 【 Customer Service Center 】 - 【 Feedback and Suggestions 】
You can go to 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Help and Feedback 】 - 【 Feedback Suggestions 】
Provide feedback on your suggestions for Baidu Maps and any issues encountered during use to help us optimize product features and services, making it more convenient for more users to use our products and services.
You can provide feedback on personal information protection issues through the platform（ http://help.baidu.com/personalinformation ）Contact us.
You can also contact us through the following contact information.
No.10 Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing, China
Legal Department of Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd
Postal Code: 100085
To ensure efficient handling of your issue and timely feedback, we require you to submit proof of identity, valid contact information, written request, and relevant evidence. We will process your request after verifying your identity.
File a lawsuit with the Haidian District People's Court in Beijing.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
For the convenience of your understanding, we have listed the basic business functions, processing purposes, and required personal information provided as follows:
1.3.  Publication and interaction
When you post comments and Q&A, we will collect the content of your comments, questions, answers, as well as uploaded images, audio and video, and display your nickname, avatar, post content and information, or
You recommend relevant content publishers.
Camera, photo, and recording permissions for the device system.
When you post navigation traffic chat messages/report navigation issues/post accident comments/post truck route mutual assistance chat messages, we will collect chat text, emojis, pictures, videos, shared routes and other information, and display your nickname, avatar, post content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you post a panoramic message, we will collect the panoramic message information you have posted and display your nickname, avatar, content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers for you.
When you share information or receive shared information, we will redirect and share the information content by reading passwords, links, and other content in the clipboard.
When you follow or share your account, or browse, bookmark, follow, comment, like, and forward, we will collect your aforementioned information and display the content published by the corresponding content publisher's account, or recommend similar content or content publishers that you may be interested in.
The information you choose to publicly release will be visible to all users in principle. If it involves your personal information or even sensitive personal information, please consider carefully. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of others, you need to obtain their consent before making it public.
1.4.  Voice call
Baidu Maps provides you with voice calling services.
The permission to make phone calls and access the address book of the device system.
You can further learn about the voice call function service (Voice Assistant Skill Center) through the "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Usage Help and Privacy Settings Guide" - "Skills" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your dialing and access to your contacts, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on dialing and contact name information in your contacts, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on dialing and contact name information in your contacts. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that cannot be achieved based on the above permissions.
The contact name information in your address book is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of contact name information in your address book. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on making phone calls and contact name information in your address book, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on making phone calls and contact name information in your address book. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that are not based on making phone calls or accessing address book permissions.
1.5. Voice Assistant
Baidu Maps provides you with voice assistant services.
Recording permissions for device systems
In addition, if you use Android 12 and above versions of the system, we will also apply for Bluetooth connection permission for your device system. With your authorization and consent, we will receive your voice commands and output feedback through Bluetooth when you use Bluetooth connection, and optimize the voice experience in Bluetooth usage scenarios. If you do not agree to authorization, you can also use the voice assistant service normally in non Bluetooth connection scenarios.
You can further understand the functions of the voice assistant by going to "My" - "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Voice Assistant" - "Skill Center" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your recording permission and Bluetooth permission, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the above voice based services or functions, or achieve the expected effects of the above voice based services, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
Voice information may contain sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your voice information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on voice information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on voice information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without recording permissions.
Baidu Maps provides you with commuter card services and bus card services.
Location permissions for device systems
1.7.  Camera and AR services
Camera permissions for device systems
You can click the camera button next to the search box on Baidu Maps to enter the camera function page and further learn about camera and AR related functional services
You can obtain your camera permission at any time by revoking the system authorization for Baidu Maps. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on the above information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
1.8.  Parking assistant
Baidu Maps provides you with a parking assistant platform service.
In the parking assistant platform service, you can use the functions of parking reservation, parking payment, and reverse car search.
If you use the parking reservation function, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number, license plate number, parking information (including the parking lot you have selected for reservation, parking time, parking duration, etc., specific information is subject to the page display). We will share your above information with third parties with your separate consent, so that the cooperating parking lot can reserve a parking space for you according to your requirements.
If you use the parking payment function, you need to provide us with your license plate number, and we will share your above information with a third party with your separate consent in order to check your parking fee order for you; If you need to pay parking fees, we will guide you to the payment system of the parking lot to make the payment.
If you use the reverse car search function, you need to provide us with your license plate number. With your separate consent, we will share your license plate number information with third parties to provide you with car search services and find your parking location. You can further understand the corresponding features in the parking assistant through "My" - "Common Functions" - "Parking Assistant" in Baidu Maps
Function.
If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
1.9.  Vehicle restriction reminder
Baidu Maps provides you with a vehicle restriction reminder service
If you use the vehicle restriction reminder service, you need to provide us with your vehicle information (such as license plate number, vehicle type, power type, vehicle model, vehicle parameters, etc.) and pass information in order to provide you with the vehicle restriction reminder service. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved on Baidu Maps without the above information.
You can add your vehicle through "My" - "Common Functions" - "All Functions" - "Owner Privileges" - "Owner Services" in Baidu Maps, and further learn about the vehicle restriction reminder service.
1.10.  take a taxi
Mobile phone number, account information, device information (such as Android ID, IDFA dynamic identifier, etc.), location information, order information, payment information, IP address, emergency contact name and contact information (if any)
You can further learn about taxi services through "Taxi" - "Personal Center" - "Instructions" in Baidu Maps.
1.11.  Food service
When you use food group buying, vouchers, and reservation services, you need to provide us with the name, gender, and phone number information of the diners. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with third parties to provide you with reception and notification SMS services.
1.12.  Scenic spot tickets
1.13.  hotel reservation 
1.14.  Wrong must be compensated
When you use the error compensation service, we will apply to obtain your navigation information (including driving, new energy), and apply for permission to use your device system's camera and photos. With your authorization and consent, we will collect on-site photos, penalty photos, toll station receipt photos, etc. that you have taken or uploaded in order to verify the issues you have reported. Meanwhile, you can provide us with your phone number to verify the situation and provide feedback on the audit results.
When you use the violation protection service, in addition to the personal information mentioned above, you also need to provide us with your license plate number, chassis number, and engine number to verify the violation issue you reported.
1.15.  Proxy driving
1.16.  New service and feature operation, as well as customer service handling
Baidu Maps may occasionally initiate operational activities for newly launched services and features. If the newly launched services require processing of your personal information or applying for personal information related permissions without your authorization and consent, we will obtain your consent separately. If sensitive personal information processing is involved, we will obtain your separate consent separately.
1.17.  Message notification
Please be aware and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information provided by you during the use of the product and/or service (such as contact phone number) for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, etc. In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in the SMS or contact us directly to unsubscribe. You can also give us feedback on turning off receiving commercial messages through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Ad Blocking Management 】 - 【 Turn off Commercial Messages 】.
1.18.  panorama
Location permissions for device systems, camera permissions for device systems
You can further learn about panoramic photography services through the "Feedback" - "Panoramic Photography" section in Baidu Maps.
1.19. Positioning related services
1.20.  Ensure service security, optimize and improve service objectives
1.21.  Information aggregation and fusion, personalized recommendation, and automated decision-making
In order to provide you with a consistent experience while ensuring that personal information is under the control of the same business entity and does not change the ability and management level of data security, the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service may be aggregated and integrated with the personal information you actively or passively provide in other products and services we operate, and may be further processed into tag information and used together in the process of providing you with this service or other products and services we operate. This type of aggregated and fused information does not contain information that can directly identify your personal identity. We will ensure the secure processing of the information after aggregation and fusion.
1.22.  Indirectly collecting information
1.23.  Exceptions with prior authorization and consent
Collect your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range in accordance with laws and regulations, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legal news reports, government information disclosure channels, etc.);
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
1.24.  Anonymization of personal information
1.25.  Device permission call
The invocation of system privacy permissions by various business functions is as follows:
1.26.  Other purposes that you have agreed to separately
When we use information for purposes not specified in this privacy policy, we will seek your consent in advance. When we want to use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance.
We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details, please refer to
AboutCookies.org。 You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have cookies blocking features
The function. But if you do so, you will need to personally change your user settings every time you visit our website, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or features provided by Baidu that rely on cookies due to such changes.
We may share your personal information with the following third parties in the following situations:
When you pass through
When using Baidu accounts for Duxiaoman Financial, Youqianhua, and Duxiaoman Wealth Management services, we will share your account username, nickname, avatar, bound real name information (such as name, ID number, and mobile phone number), account risk situation (including login status), and IP information with the service provider (Duxiaoman Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.). After obtaining your authorization and consent, we will collect your IDFA/IDFV information and, with your further authorization, display your wallet balance, credit limit, and other content. We will strictly control the scope of information use.
Obtain your separate consent
Based on laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory requirements from government regulatory authorities.
Directly related to national security and defense security;
Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests. For example, necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
Process personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations
In cases where laws and administrative regulations provide otherwise.
If there is any violation of the confidentiality agreement, the cooperative relationship with Baidu will be immediately terminated,
When you interact with other users about your geographic location or whereabouts information through third-party social software, email, SMS, etc. embedded in Baidu Maps, it is uncertain whether the third-party software fully encrypts the transmission of information. Please ensure the security of your personal information.
Please be aware that the systems and communication networks you use when using our products and/or services may have security issues beyond our control.
According to our security management system, incidents of personal information leakage, damage, or loss are classified as major security incidents, and once they occur, the company's highest level emergency plan will be activated,
Account information: You can log in to passport.baidu.com at any time or visit 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】-
[Account Management], access or edit personal profile information in your account, change your password, perform account association or identity authentication, etc.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
You can log in to passport.baidu.com or visit 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】-
Authorization Management: To unbind Baidu accounts from third-party accounts, you can also disable some functional options and revoke some authorizations through multiple settings in the personal center of Baidu Maps, such as common address settings, navigation settings, privacy settings, etc.
You can also cancel your account on Baidu Maps through the following path: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】 - 【 Account Cancellation 】.
If you only need to clear your usage history on Baidu Maps, you can refer to the following path to achieve it: 【 Mine 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】-
[Account Cancellation] - [Delete the current application service trace].
When you authorize login to Baidu Maps through a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ, etc.), you need to apply for account cancellation from the third party.
You have the right to copy the personal information we collect from you. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, and in compliance with the instructions and conditions set by the national cyberspace administration, if technically feasible, you may also request us to transfer your personal information to other entities designated by you. You can copy the personal information we collect from you through the following path: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Personal Information Export 】.
For your convenience in independently controlling the personalized information you wish to receive, you can dynamically adjust your interest preferences through the following path, and we will push relevant personalized content based on your choices.
If you do not wish to receive personalized content pushed to you based on your interests and preferences, you can turn off personalized content recommendations through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Privacy Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Recommendation Settings 】. When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, you will not be able to enjoy personalized recommendation services. We will display content to you based on non personalized factors such as content popularity. You may see content that you are not interested in or even dislike, and your user experience may be affected.
We may not be able to respond to your requests for review, correction, supplementation, deletion, copying, portability, information, and decision-making in the following situations:
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
We have sufficient evidence to indicate that you have subjective malice or abuse of power (such as your request will endanger public safety and the legitimate rights and interests of others, or your request exceeds the scope that can be covered by general technical means and commercial costs);
Responding to requests from personal information subjects will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
Involving trade secrets;
You can use Baidu Maps to search for traffic information, merchant information, locate your location, plan your route, navigate to your desired address, search for nearby services, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "Baidu Maps products or services"). We will only process the personal information necessary for your use of the product or service.
Baidu Maps includes but is not limited to multiple application versions such as iOS and Android. Please choose the version that matches the installed terminal device when using Baidu Maps. The personal information that Baidu Maps may obtain depends on the version of the Baidu Maps application you are using, the specific type/version of the terminal device you are using, and the functions you are using.
We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and seek your separate consent in specific circumstances. In addition to this privacy policy, we may also inform you through product pages and pop-up prompts
We will explain to you the rules for processing your personal information through information push and other means. The specific business functions corresponding to the processing of personal information will be subject to the specific rules, which have the same effect as this privacy policy.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and administrative regulations, you have the right to know and decide how we handle your personal information, and have the right to restrict or refuse us or other parties from processing your personal information; At the same time, you have the right to request an explanation of the personal information processing rules we provide to you. Please carefully read and understand this privacy policy before using Baidu Maps and related products and services, in order to make appropriate choices.
We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you and that providing effective protection for your information is the cornerstone of the healthy and sustainable development of our business. Thank you for using and trusting Baidu Maps! We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency.
We collect and process your personal information to provide you with corresponding business functions.
You need to provide us with personal information for us to implement the basic business functions of Baidu Maps. The information necessary to achieve basic business functions is necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide this necessary personal information, we will not be able to provide you with the basic business functions and corresponding services. In addition to the basic business functions, you can independently choose to provide us with some personal information for us to implement the extended business functions of Baidu Maps. We will inform you of the purpose of use and process this personal information based on your authorized consent or necessary purposes to achieve the extended business functions you have chosen. Your refusal to provide such extended business function information will not affect your use of our basic business functions, but if you refuse to provide the personal information necessary to implement the extended business functions, we will not be able to provide you with the extended business functions.
For the convenience of your understanding, we have listed the business functions, processing purposes, and personal information required as follows:
Your device information
ID number, face information
When you log in to Baidu Maps through your Baidu account, with your authorization and consent, your usage information under the same Baidu account, including but not limited to your search history, favorite information, common address information, historical travel records, navigation information, and vehicle information (such as license plate number, vehicle type, power type, purchase year and month, vehicle model information), will be synchronized to Baidu Cloud to achieve information synchronization on different devices of the same Baidu account (including but not limited to Baidu Maps mobile version and Baidu Maps car version). You have the right to revoke the corresponding authorization, and Baidu Maps will no longer synchronize the corresponding information
1.5.  Record voice package
Baidu Maps provides you with a voice recording service.
You can further understand the recording voice package function service by going to "Settings" - "Voice Settings" - "Record Voice Package" - "Select Recording Mode" - "Voice Customization Rules" in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your recording permission and stop our collection of your voice information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on voice information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on voice information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that cannot be achieved based on the above permissions.
Voice information may contain sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system's authorized recording access at any time to stop our collection of your voice information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on voice information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on voice information. However, it will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps and other business functions that can be achieved without voice information.
1.6.  Voice assistant
1.7.  footprint
Baidu Maps provides you with footprint services.
You can further learn about Footprint Services through the "My" - "Footprint" section in Baidu Maps.
You can cancel the system authorization to Baidu Maps at any time to obtain your location permission and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without location permission.
You can cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to obtain your location permission at any time, and stop our collection of your information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on location information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without the above permissions.
Location information is sensitive personal information. You can cancel the system authorization to access Baidu Maps at any time to stop our collection of your location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on location information, or achieve the expected effects of the relevant services provided based on location information. However, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without location permissions.
1.9.  Camera and AR services
1.10.  Parking assistant
1.11.  Vehicle restriction reminder
1.12.  take a taxi
Mobile phone number, account information, device information (such as IMEI), location information, order information, payment information, IP address, emergency contact name and contact information (if available)
1.13.  Food service
one
14. Scenic spot tickets
When you use the attraction ticket booking service, you need to provide us with the name, mobile phone number, and ID number (some of which are involved) of the visitor. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with third parties so that they can provide you with attraction ticket booking services.
1.15.  hotel reservation 
When you use the hotel reservation service, you need to provide us with the name, ID number (partially involved), mobile phone number, and order information of the check-in person. With your separate consent, we will share your above information with a third party so that the third party can provide you with reception and send notification messages and other services.
1.16.  Wrong must be compensated
When you use the error compensation service, we will apply to obtain your navigation information (including driving and new energy) in order to verify the navigation problem you reported. At the same time, you need to provide us with your phone number so that we can verify the situation and provide feedback on the audit results.
When you use the violation protection service, you need to provide us with your license plate number, chassis number, and engine number in order to verify the violation issue you reported.
1.17.  New service and feature operation, as well as customer service handling
Baidu Maps may occasionally initiate operational activities for newly launched services and features. If the newly launched services require processing of your personal information or applying for device system permissions without your authorization and consent, we will obtain your consent separately. If sensitive personal information processing is involved, we will obtain your separate consent separately.
If you need to make an appointment for operational activities, we may apply for calendar permissions on your device system. You can cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to access your calendar at any time, stop our collection of your calendar information, and you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on calendar information, or achieve the expected effects of the related services provided based on calendar information, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Baidu Maps that can be achieved without calendar permissions;
When you participate in truck related operational activities, we will apply for the camera permission of your device system. After obtaining your authorization and consent, we need you to upload your truck driving license to verify your eligibility to participate in the activity.
When you participate in map operation activities, if you need to share the activity poster with friends, we will apply for storage permission on your device system to store the activity poster image in your album.
When you participate in step count related operational activities, we will apply for your exercise and fitness permissions. With your authorization and consent, we will collect your daily step count information to help you complete step count and provide you with activity benefits. If you refuse authorization, you will not be able to participate in the aforementioned activities, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions of Baidu Maps.
1.18.  Message notification
Please be aware and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information (such as phone number) provided by you during the use of our products and/or services, for purposes such as user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, etc. In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe methods provided in the SMS or contact us directly to unsubscribe.
1.19.  Additional functions based on location information
If you refuse to grant precise geographic location permission, we will not provide the above services to you based on precise location information.
When you use the footprint service, in order to provide you with records of your travel location and route, we will collect your location information.
When you use travel recommendation and neighborhood recommendation services, in order to provide you with personalized content recommendations, we will collect your location information.
When you use ride hailing services, in order to provide you with ride hailing services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the search for nearby parking lot services, in order to provide you with information about nearby parking lots, we will collect your location information.
When you use driving/new energy/truck/motorcycle navigation and team services, in order to provide you with navigation functions and analyze and reproduce navigation problems, we will collect your location information.
When you use public transportation/walking/cycling/smart transportation/train/bus/plane services, in order to provide you with functions such as route planning, navigation, train number inquiry, and analysis and reproduction of navigation problems, we will collect your location information.
When you use bus/real-time bus/subway services, in order to provide you with nearby bus, real-time bus, and subway information services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the Start Running/Running Route service, we collect your location information in order to provide you with running route services.
When you use the tracking service, in order to provide you with tracking services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the disembarkation reminder service, in order to provide you with the bus disembarkation reminder service, we will collect your location information.
When you use notification services, in order to provide you with personalized content recommendation services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the commuter card service, we collect your location information in order to display commuting traffic information to you.
When you use the bus card service, we will collect your location information in order to show you the surrounding bus route information.
When you use AR navigation and surrounding exploration services, in order to provide you with AR navigation and surrounding exploration services, we will collect your location information.
When you use the check-in service, in order to recommend a nearby check-in location within 1000m, we will collect your location information.
You can cancel the system authorization for Baidu Maps to access your precise location information at any time, and stop our collection of your precise geographic location information. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions provided based on precise location information, or achieve the intended effect of the relevant services provided based on precise location information. But this will not affect your normal use of Baidu Maps for other business functions that cannot be achieved based on precise location information.
Regarding criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and sentencing
Directly related to decision-making and execution;
For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
Collect personal information that you have publicly disclosed to the public or other legally disclosed information within a reasonable range in accordance with laws and regulations;
Collect your personal information from legally disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
Academic research institutions conduct statistical or academic research necessary for the public interest, and when providing results of academic research or descriptions to external parties, they de identify the personal information contained in the results;
In the process of providing services, in order to ensure that you can use the product functions normally, we will apply to the system for the following system device permissions for your device. Before applying, we will seek your consent, and you can choose to "allow" or "prohibit" the permission application. After obtaining your authorization, we will enable the relevant permissions. You can cancel the authorization in the system at any time. Cancelling the authorization will result in you being unable to use the relevant business functions, but it will not prevent you from using other business functions.
The invocation of system privacy permissions by various business functions is as follows:
When we use information for purposes not specified in this privacy policy, we will seek your consent in advance. When we want to use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will seek your consent in advance.
If you only need to clear your usage history on Baidu Maps, you can refer to the following path to achieve it: 【 Mine 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account Management 】-
[Account Cancellation] - [Delete the current application service trace].
You have the right to copy the personal information we collect from you. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, and in compliance with the instructions and conditions set by the national cyberspace administration, if technically feasible, you may also request us to transfer your personal information to other entities designated by you.
You can go to 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Help and Feedback 】 - 【 Feedback Suggestions 】
Appendix: Definition of Nouns
Personal information refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or in other ways, excluding anonymized information. Personal information includes name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.
Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety, including biometric, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health information, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Equipment refers to devices that can be used to use Baidu products and/or services, such as desktop devices, tablets, or smartphones.
Device information refers to the device attribute information (such as your hardware model, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), International Mobile User Identity (IMSI), Integrated Circuit Card Identity (ICCID), network device hardware address MAC, advertising identifier IDFA, supplier identifier IDFV, mobile device identification code MEID, anonymous device identifier OAID, Android ID, hardware serial number, etc.), device parameters and system information (such as your operating system version and system situation, device configuration, external storage directory), device connection information (such as browser type, telecom operator, language used, WIFI information, SSID, BSSID, etc.), and device status information (such as device application) of the terminal device you use to install and run Baidu Maps. Installation list).
Log information refers to the information automatically recorded by our servers when you access Baidu Maps, such as your IP address, browser type and language used, hardware device information, operating system version, network operator information, date, time, duration of your service access, and other information provided, formed, or retained by you when using our products or services.
Cookie refers to a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client side, expanding web-based client/server applications by adding simple and persistent client states. The server sends a status message to the client while returning an HTTP object, which is saved by the client. The status information indicates the valid URL range in that state. Afterwards, all HTTP requests initiated by the client within this range will return the current value of the status information from the client to the server, which is called a cookie.
Location information refers to precise location information obtained through GNSS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, base stations, and other sensor information, as well as rough geographic location information obtained through IP addresses.
User profiling refers to the process of collecting, aggregating, and analyzing personal information to analyze or predict the personal characteristics of a specific individual, such as occupation, economy, health, education, personal preferences, credit, behavior, etc., and form their personal characteristic model. Directly using the personal information of a specific individual to form a feature model of that individual is called a direct user profile. The use of personal information from individuals outside of a specific natural person, such as data from their group, to form a feature model of that natural person is called indirect user profiling.
De identification refers to the process of processing personal information so that it cannot identify a specific individual without the need for additional information.
Anonymization refers to the process of using technology to process personal information so that the subject of the information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored. The information obtained after anonymization of personal information does not belong to personal information.
The Baidu platform refers to various specialized channels or platform services under the Baidu company, including Baidu Search, Baidu APP and its derivatives, Baidu Baike, Baidu Zhidao, Baidu Tieba, Baidu Mobile Assistant, and others
Other Baidu products https://www.baidu.com/more/ ）Waiting for websites, programs, services, tools, and clients.
Affiliated companies refer to the individual or collective names of Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd., the operator of Baidu Maps, and other companies that have affiliated relationships with Baidu. Association "refers to any entity (including individuals, companies, partnerships, organizations, or any other entity) that is directly or indirectly controlled by it, or directly or indirectly controlled by it, or directly or indirectly controlled by the same entity as it. The aforementioned "control" refers to the power or other relationship that constitutes actual control over the management and decision-making of relevant entities, directly or indirectly, through holding voting rights, contracts, or other means.
