Zhihu Zhixue
Waiting for you to answer
Switching modes
Login/Register
Guidelines for Personal Information Protection
Version 4.0
Update Date: October 29, 2021
Effective Date: November 1, 2021
Beijing Zhizi Tianxia Technology Co., Ltd
Please carefully read and fully understand this guide before using this platform. We have highlighted the key content in bold and hope you will pay special attention to it.
If you have any questions about this guide, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Section 9 "How to Contact Us" of this guide. We will revise the guidelines from time to time. When substantial changes occur in accordance with Section 8 of this guideline, we will display the updated content to you in the form of push notifications, pop ups, system notifications, internal private messages, etc. after the version update.
catalogue
How do we collect and use your personal information
We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality, and necessity to collect and use personal information that you voluntarily provide or generate due to the use of Zhihu products and/or services for the following purposes as described in this guideline. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this guide, or use the collected information for other purposes based on specific purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again. If you have any questions about the concepts in the following content, please refer to the definition and explanation in Article 11.
When you use Zhihu products and/or services, we need/may need to collect and use your personal information in the following two situations:
To achieve the basic business functions of providing you with Zhihu products and/or services (which are part of all business functions), you must authorize us to collect and use necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use the most basic functions of Zhihu's products and/or services, namely participating in the most basic activities of the Q&A community, including asking and answering questions, and obtaining relevant information that suits your questions and/or answers.
In addition to providing relatively basic business functions, we have been striving to offer richer Zhihu products and/or services to expand, enhance, and strengthen your user experience; This type of business function requires the collection and use of necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the business functions of such extended experience or achieve the best extended function effect and experience we intend to achieve, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic business functions of Zhihu products and/or services.
Browse only mode
Partial content browsing, such information is generally generated based on the consent of other users to this guide and the provision of their necessary personal information.
Reminder: Due to the different personal information required for different products or services, we will also seek your consent through page prompts, interactive processes, and other means before using specific products and/or services. The scope of obtaining personal information shall be subject to the agreement or rules of the specific product and/or service you agree to.
As the products and/or services we provide to you are constantly updated, if a product or service is not described in the above content and collects your information, we will separately explain the content of the information collection to you through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., in order to obtain your separate consent. This statement constitutes a part of this guideline, and the information is subject to the provisions of this guideline.
We will collect and use your personal information in the following business scenarios:
Account registration, login, account binding, and security
Valid mobile phone number in Chinese Mainland
If you refuse to provide, we will not be able to provide you with the basic business functions of Zhihu, and you will only be able to use the 'browsing only' mode.
You can also register and log in Zhihu by email and overseas mobile phone number, but we will ask you to further provide your mobile phone number in Chinese Mainland to meet the relevant provisions of the real name system in the legal scenario after your successful login.
When you use third-party accounts (including WeChat, QQ, Weibo, Apple ID) to log in to Zhihu, you need to authorize Zhihu to read and share the public information you publish and record on the third-party platform (including nickname, avatar, region, gender, contact email) in compliance with relevant laws and regulations, in order to bind your third-party account with Zhihu account and remember your login identity as a Zhihu user.
When you need to change your account password, please enter the new password to complete the reset. When you need to modify your phone number, please enter the new phone number and SMS verification code. You can voluntarily bind your email on the settings page. At this time, you need to provide your email account and the SMS verification code we sent you for verification. If you need to set up a trusted device, you need to provide us with the name, type, and last usage time of the device you are currently using. When you open a Zhihu institution account, you need to provide us with your email address and login password.
When your account cannot be used, you can retrieve it through account appeal. At this point, you can choose to provide any of the following information for us to verify your identity: the phone number, email address, used password, registration time, frequently visited cities, commonly used devices for mobile login, commonly used browsers for PC login, Zhihu consumption history, previous name, one sentence introduction, or personal profile that your account is bound to. Please be informed that you may choose to fill in one or more of the above information on your own, but the information you provide must be reasonable enough to determine that you have the right to use the account.
Topic discussion, information sharing, and interactive attention
When you register as a Zhihu user and log in to this platform, you can use basic business functions on this platform, including (1) reading and browsing "Q&A, ideas, videos, columns, articles, courses, books, live broadcasts" and other content published by other users or Zhihu; (2) Publish content such as "questions, answers, articles, columns, ideas, videos"; (3) Interacting with other users, including editing other users' questions, inviting other users to answer questions, sending private messages to other users, evaluating content posted by other users (including agree, disagree, like, bookmark, and comment), subscribing to questions, and following other users. To ensure the safety, stability, sustainability, and healthy growth of our services, we will accept
Collect the network log information generated during this process and retain the content you post (including images, text, audio and video information).
When you read and browse content on the Zhihu platform through the Zhihu mini program (including WeChat platform mini program, Baidu platform mini program, etc.) or other programs, software, clients, etc. other than the Zhihu App, due to different product functions, under certain circumstances, you can only read and browse some content. If you need to continue reading and browsing the remaining content, you need to copy the specified password displayed on the page and open the Zhihu App to continue your reading and browsing in the Zhihu App. To implement this feature, we need to access your clipboard and read the password contained within it.
In the event that you share or receive shared content, short links, etc., we may need to access your clipboard to read the passwords, sharing codes, links contained therein, in order to achieve automatic redirection, password redirection, sharing, and other functions or services.
Mobile Address Book Permissions
Album permission or camera permission
Microphone permission
To ensure that you can interact, communicate, and share information, we will invite you to sign contracts, cooperate, publish content, participate in various forms of creation, or engage in intellectual property and other rights sharing, licensing, and authorization activities with us (including our affiliated companies under the same group) through the phone number you provide; Inviting you to participate in surveys, customer research, and after-sales follow-up regarding our services; Introduce and explain information about Zhihu's products and services to you. If you do not wish us to contact you, you may refuse or unsubscribe from the aforementioned information sent by us or the operator in the manner described in Section 4 of this guide.
When you are shooting or playing videos or running in the background, in order to adapt to the status of your device, we will call on the gyroscope, acceleration, gravity and other sensors of the device to perform autofocus processing or adjust the viewing angle display. Please understand that simple sensor data usually cannot individually identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information.
When you use motion dependent interactions such as "shake" or when running in the background, we will use your gyroscope, acceleration, gravity and other sensors to recognize your movements for activity participation or to show you the next interactive scene. Please understand that simple sensor data usually cannot individually identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information.
Account public information
Personal homepage
You can choose to fill in and edit your basic information, including gender, date of birth, address, personal profile, occupation, work experience, and education experience. You can also choose to authenticate, please refer to the functional description of "identity authentication" below for details.
In addition, to enrich your basic information, you can also set an account nickname. Your nickname can be the same as other users' names, and Zhihu will set and record a system identification tag specific to this account, so that the system and other users can accurately distinguish it. You can choose whether to set an avatar, but not setting an avatar does not affect your use. When setting up an avatar, you can choose to use the avatar from a third-party account that you have already bound, or take a photo to upload the avatar, or use a photo from your device as the avatar. If you choose to take a photo and upload your avatar, we will apply to obtain your camera permission; If you choose to use photos from your device as your profile picture, we will apply for permission to access your photos/albums.
Birthday wishes: Zhihu always values humanistic care for its users and looks forward to providing them with surprises such as a sense of ceremony through various means. If you fill in your birthday information on your personal homepage, we may send you birthday wishes and exclusive birthday benefits in the form of page pop ups or other forms on the day you fill in the information. You can choose to close or claim the benefits.
Publish, interact and other public account updates
It will be publicly displayed on the personal homepage of your Zhihu account
If other users follow you or you follow other users, when the followed account generates new updates, the followers will be able to view the details of the updates on a specific page or location (such as the "Updates" channel, etc.).
If you do not want certain users to follow you or engage in other interactions with you, you can choose to add that user to the blacklist. Please be aware that users who have been blacklisted by you cannot interact with you, but they can still view your public information.
Identity authentication (personal authentication)
With your separate consent
, ID number
If you choose to undergo academic certification, you also need to fill in your educational background, degree, and educational experience (including the full name of the school, major, and upload certification materials).
If you choose to undergo professional certification, you also need to fill in your industry, occupation, employer, position, work experience, and upload work proof materials (including paper business cards/badges/employment certificates).
If you choose public figure authentication, you also need to fill in your social identity, previous awards, honors, and proof of your identity on other platforms.
If you choose to authenticate other website creators, you need to authorize us to obtain your account link or ID on the third-party platform (including WeChat, Bilibili, Tiktok, Kwai).
If you apply to activate services related to identity authentication, please carefully read and confirm the "Zhihu Personal Authentication Frequently Asked Questions Summary" published by Zhihu for this service.
Personalized display/recommendation
When you use the Zhihu App, in order to help us better understand how you access and use our products and/or services, maintain our products and/or services, maintain the most basic business operations of the Zhihu App, or respond to you in other ways, we may collect and use your IP address, application software usage records, device information (hardware serial number, device MAC address IMEI、IMSI、Android
ID)。 Please understand that you can only use the basic business functions of Zhihu after you agree to our collection of the above information.
In order to present or recommend content or advertisements that are more relevant to you (rather than universally recommended), we will actively collect your browsing and usage history, device information (device model, MAC address, operating system, network environment, device location information, etc.) when you use our products and/or services or when related products and/or services run in the background
Backup network operator, device ID, IMEI, IMSI, IP address, OAID, log information, application software list, location information (we collect precise location information of the device when you enable device location permission). Please note that the aforementioned individual types of information are information that cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we are able to identify a specific natural person's identity by combining this type of information with other information, during the period of combined use, this type of information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify this type of information.
Online shopping and payment functions
Transaction and consumption records (including transaction content, transaction status, payment method, transaction time, amount, transaction number), transaction flow records
If you have activated fingerprint or facial recognition payment, you will need to use your fingerprint or facial information for payment verification when making the payment. Please be informed that the fingerprint or facial recognition payment function is provided by a third party, and Zhihu will not collect or store such information from you.
Name, bank card number, ID number
To ensure the security of your transaction, you can modify your mobile phone number, set/change your payment password. At this time, you need to provide your bound mobile phone number, the verification code we sent you, and the new payment password so that we can modify the above information for you.
When you purchase Zhihu self operated or third-party platform products on the Zhihu website, you need to provide us with the recipient's name, phone number, and shipping address in order to send the products to you.
If you purchase or receive public courses and enter the course for learning, with your separate authorization, we will retrieve your calendar permissions and collect your schedule information to remind you of the course situation. We will also collect your study records to verify your learning situation and facilitate your continued learning.
customer service
When you file a complaint, appeal or consult with Zhihu, in order to facilitate contact with you or help you solve the problem, we may need you to provide your name, phone number and/or email and other contact information, and may use this information to contact you. We may also use the phone number you provided during registration to contact you. If you submit an infringement complaint, Zhihu will also require you to submit your ID card, authorization, and proof of ownership in accordance with legal provisions to clarify your eligibility as the subject of the complaint and determine whether your complaint is valid. If it is required by law to submit your aforementioned information to a court, regulatory agency, or judicial department, we will provide it in accordance with the law. If you do not provide the above information, our customer service will not be able to provide you with the aforementioned services, but it does not affect your use of the other services we provide.
When you are the complained party or a party involved in a dispute, in order to verify the content you have posted on the Zhihu website and clarify whether it affects and damages the rights of Zhihu or others, we may also use the phone number you provided during registration to contact you.
Search function
When you use the search function provided by Zhihu, we collect and store the keywords you query and your click through behavior in the search results. These keyword information usually cannot individually identify your personal identity, do not belong to your personal information, and are not within the scope of this guideline. Only when the keyword information you have searched for is linked to your other information and can identify your personal identity, during the combined use period, we will treat your search keyword information as your personal information and process and protect it according to this guideline.
Live streaming function
If you apply for the live broadcast function, we need you to submit your name and ID card number for real name authentication after your separate consent. We also need you to pass face recognition to determine that you are qualified to engage in live broadcast business. Please know that we will not collect and store your facial recognition feature information.
When you live stream as a host, we will collect and store your live content in accordance with laws and regulations, including your portrait and other identity information disclosed during the live stream. Due to the special nature of the live streaming function, once you activate the live streaming function, your live content during the live streaming process will be made public. Please be cautious in disclosing your personal information.
When you interact with the anchor's voice chat as a viewer, we will recognize your voiceprint, but we will not store this type of information. Please note and understand that the video connection feature can only be enabled after you become the anchor.
When you give gifts to the anchor or receive gifts from other users as an anchor, for normal settlement, we will collect your transaction records of purchasing and consuming virtual currency (live salt granules) (including transaction content, transaction status, payment method, amount, transaction time, and transaction number).
Fault reporting
When there is a system failure or other issues that affect your normal use of this platform, you can inform Zhihu of the system failure situation by "shaking" or contacting "Zhihu Butler". We will collect your device model, IP address, operator name, network type, software version, log information, fault description, as well as the pictures, page screenshots or other materials you upload for analysis and handling of system issues. When you use functions such as "shake" or when running in the background, we will call the device's gyroscope, acceleration, gravity and other sensors to identify and determine whether the device is shaking. Please understand that simple sensor data usually cannot individually identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information.
Questionnaire evaluation
In order to understand user needs and improve user experience, we will invite you to participate in a survey so that we can provide you with better service quality. We may collect personal information contained in the feedback content of the survey based on the actual situation. Due to the different responses required for each survey questionnaire, we will obtain your authorization and consent again before sending you the survey questionnaire.
Name, phone number
If you purchase or receive public courses and enter the course for learning, with your separate authorization, we will retrieve your calendar permissions and collect your schedule information to remind you of the course situation. We will also collect your study records to verify your learning situation and facilitate your continued learning.
When you are the complained party or a party involved in a dispute, in order to verify the content you have posted on the Zhihu website and clarify whether it affects and
If it harms the rights of Zhihu or others, we may also use the phone number you provided during registration to contact you.
These keyword information usually cannot individually identify your personal identity, do not belong to your personal information, and are not within the scope of this guideline. Only when the keyword information you have searched for is linked to your other information and can identify your personal identity, during the combined use period, we will treat your search keyword information as your personal information and process and protect it according to this guideline.
Real name authentication for ID card number
When you live stream as a host, we will collect and store your live content in accordance with laws and regulations, including your portrait and other identity information disclosed during the live stream. Due to the special nature of the live streaming function, once you activate the live streaming function, your live content during the live streaming process will be made public. Please be cautious in disclosing your personal information.
When you interact with the anchor's voice chat as a viewer, we will recognize your voiceprint, but we will not store this type of information. Please note and understand that the video connection feature can only be enabled after you become the anchor.
Transaction records of consuming virtual currency (live salt granules) (including transaction content, transaction status, payment method, amount, transaction time, transaction number)
When there is a system failure or other issues that affect your normal use of this platform, you can inform Zhihu of the system failure situation by "shaking" or contacting "Zhihu Butler". We will collect your device model, IP address, operator name, network type, software version, log information, fault description, as well as the pictures, page screenshots or other materials you upload for analysis and handling of system issues. When you use functions such as "shake" or when running in the background, we will call the device's gyroscope, acceleration, gravity and other sensors to identify and determine whether the device is shaking. Please understand that simple sensor data usually cannot individually identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information.
In order to understand user needs and improve user experience, we will invite you to participate in a survey so that we can provide you with better service quality. We may collect personal information contained in the feedback content of the survey based on the actual situation. Due to the different responses required for each survey questionnaire, we will obtain your authorization and consent again before sending you the survey questionnaire.
Ensure service stability and security
In order to ensure the stability and security of our services, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, device name, device configuration, international mobile device identification code, unique device identifier, network device hardware address, IP address, WLAN access point, IMSI, WIFI scan results (WIFI list), WIFI SSID and BSSID, Bluetooth, base station, software version number, network access method, type, status, network quality data, operation, usage, service logs, SIM card serial number (such as ICCID), sensors (gyroscope, acceleration, weight, etc.). We may collect the above information from you while running in the background, and may also associate your device information or phone number with your Zhihu account for identity verification, security prevention, fraud monitoring, prevention or prohibition of illegal activities, risk reduction, archiving, and backup purposes.
The system permissions called by Zhihu App
In order to provide you with Zhihu products and/or services, we may need to use the system permissions on your device to collect relevant personal information. This section will summarize and organize all the system permissions mentioned in section 1.1 of section 1, in order to present them to you in a more systematic, complete, and transparent manner. You can choose whether to authorize us to use the relevant permissions of your device, and even if authorized, you are allowed to turn them off or on again. For specific information about permissions, please refer to the "Zhihu App Permission List".
Other lawful reasons except for the same
According to relevant laws and regulations, we may collect and use necessary personal information without your authorization and consent in the following situations:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) In accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, handle personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope;
(5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
Entrusting the processing of your personal information
In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and/or services, certain features may be provided by our service partners (such as our third-party service providers, contractors, agents, etc.). We may entrust service partners to process certain personal information on our behalf, such as third-party suppliers sending emails or push notifications on our behalf, sending research invitations on our behalf, mailing you purchased or confirmed received goods on our behalf, and conducting data statistical analysis on de identified information.
For companies, organizations, and individuals who accept our commission to process your personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements or data processing agreements with them, clarifying the entrusted matters, the purpose, duration, processing methods, types of personal information processing, protection measures, and the rights and obligations of both parties. We require them to process personal information only in accordance with our requirements, this guideline, and relevant confidentiality and security measures. If such third parties want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they should seek your consent again. If you refuse our service partner to collect or use personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use some of the services provided by the partner in Zhihu products and/or services.
Regarding the types and purposes of personal information collected by our partners (entrusted processing), please refer to the "List of Shared Personal Information with Third Parties" for details.
Share your personal information
In order to provide you with a comprehensive
Products and services, some of our services or technologies will be provided by authorized partners. Please be informed that we will not proactively provide your personal information to other personal information processors. We will only share your personal information for legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share necessary personal information. In the following circumstances, we will provide your personal information to other personal information processors, inform you of the recipient's name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, and type of personal information, and obtain your separate consent. At the same time, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with our partners, requiring them to strictly follow our instructions, this guideline, and any other relevant confidentiality policies and take security measures to process your personal information. We request that our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. When you view web pages created by third parties or use applications developed by third parties, these third parties may place their own cookies or use other technical means that are beyond our control and their use is not subject to this policy. Collaborators may have their own independent personal information protection policies and user agreements. We recommend that you read and comply with third-party personal information protection policies and user agreements.
Regarding the types and purposes of personal information collected by our partners (sharing), please refer to the "List of Personal Information Shared with Third Parties" for details.
Transfer your personal information
In principle, we will not transfer control of your personal information to other companies, organizations, or individuals. If there is a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy liquidation that involves the transfer of personal information, we will inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this guideline. If there is any change in the collection and processing of personal information as stipulated in this guideline, the company or organization will seek your authorization and consent again.
Publicly disclose your personal information
We will not publicly disclose your personal information unless we obtain your separate consent.
Special note: In the process of using Zhihu, your personal information that you actively share and share is not restricted by this guideline (such as forwarding content to other Internet platforms). You should note that any information you share can be read, collected, and used by any third party. Please carefully consider if the content published and disseminated through Zhihu contains your personal information. You fully understand that when you make disclosures on your own, Zhihu only stores content or system logs containing such information, but will not actively identify such information as your personal information. As long as you do not delete the information you have publicly posted, it may remain in the public domain indefinitely; In some cases, even if you delete the information you have publicly posted, such information can still be independently cached, copied, or stored by other users or third parties that are not associated with or controlled by Zhihu, or saved in the public domain through other users or third parties. For example, when you forward your answers published on Zhihu to other Internet platforms, the platform will independently display, cache or save your forwarded content, and other Internet users will also forward and save your answers, while the corresponding pages will not be controlled by Zhihu.
How do we protect your personal information
Your personal information security is crucial to us. We will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, take reasonable and feasible measures recognized by the industry, and protect your personal information. Prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification of information, and avoid information damage or loss.
Technical measures and data security measures
We strive to adopt various physical, electronic, and management security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the security of your personal information. We actively establish a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards to manage and regulate the storage and use of personal information, ensuring that personal information unrelated to the services we provide is not collected.
We implement comprehensive security control over data by signing confidentiality agreements, monitoring and auditing mechanisms with information contacts. Prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of your personal information.
We have implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, and preventing data damage or loss. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, when exchanging data (such as credit card information) between your browser and Zhihu, it is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing for the websites mentioned in the "Introduction" of this guideline; We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. When we display your personal information, we will use methods such as content replacement and anonymous processing to anonymize your information and protect its security.
Security certification
We have passed the Level 3 certification for information security protection by the Ministry of Public Security, and have established a good coordination and communication mechanism with regulatory agencies and third-party evaluation institutions to timely resist and deal with various information security threats, providing comprehensive protection for your information security.
Security incident handling
We will try our best to ensure the security of any information you send us, but please understand that due to technical restrictions and various malicious means in the Internet industry, we cannot guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may encounter issues due to factors beyond our control. To prevent safety accidents, we have established a proper warning mechanism and emergency plan. If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you. We will immediately activate the emergency plan and strive to
Minimize losses. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event in a timely manner through phone calls, push notifications, etc. If it is difficult to inform users one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish announcements.
At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements and closely cooperate with government agencies.
How do you manage your personal information
We attach great importance to the management of your personal information and provide various functions to safeguard your rights to access, correct, delete, and withdraw consent to your personal information. When using the Zhihu WeChat mini program, if users want to manage information related to the creation, approval, liking, and bookmarking sections, please operate within the Zhihu app. For specific instructions, please refer to the following path description.
Manage accounts, publish content, and related records
Querying, correcting, and supplementing account information
【 Settings → Account and Security 】 You can use this function to view and modify account passwords, modify bound phone numbers, bind email addresses, and bind social accounts; You can access the recent activity history of your Zhihu account to learn about the login devices and locations of your account within the past month. You can set up trusted devices to reduce security verification related to login.
You can view and modify your other account information in the "Edit Profile" section, including profile picture, username, one sentence introduction, gender, birthday, place of residence, industry, career experience, education experience, and personal profile; You can add image keywords for yourself or invite friends to add them, and you can also edit or delete image keywords. You can manage the display of identification.
Manage creation related records
You can view, modify, and delete the data of your published content, including answers, articles, live streams, ideas, columns, videos, and saved drafts. But if you delete the content that has already been published, it will only cancel its public display. Zhihu still needs to store and retain the content you have previously published (except for the content in the weed control draft box) in the background according to the requirements of laws and regulations. You can also view the data status of your published content under this path.
You can view the data situation and trends of your published content (including answers, videos, articles) in the section of "My Creation Content Analysis". The main data includes total reading volume, total playback volume, and interaction volume (obtained approval, comments, likes, favorites).
You can view the revenue situation and trend of your current account on the Zhihu platform by going to 'My Creation' and then 'Revenue Analysis'. The main data includes today's earnings, cumulative earnings, creative balance, daily list, content earnings, etc.
Manage browsing, following, and bookmarking records
You can check/close your recent browsing history, batch delete or completely clear your browsing history. If you want to delete your recent browsing information while using the Zhihu WeChat mini program, you can send an email to privacy@zhihu.com Submit a request to us to delete personal information.
【 My → Follow 】 You can manage all your follow lists, including the users you follow, columns, questions, topics, topics, roundtables, and bookmarks.
【 My → Favorites 】 You can manage the individual topics or bookmarks you have created, as well as the content you follow.
Manage purchase/usage records
【 My Wallet 】 You can view your account balance, Zhihu Coin, Live Salt Granules and Live Salt Coins balance, transaction records, and the gift vouchers you own on this platform.
You can view the details of your purchase orders on this platform.
【 My → Bookshelf 】 You can view the details of books and courses (including paid and free content) that you have read and browsed within Zhihu, and can also download, filter, delete, and manage them.
Manage personal authentication
You can apply for/cancel personal authentication, or view and modify Zhihu's personal authentication information in the editing section of my personal homepage.
Clear cache information
You can clear the cache of Zhihu on your device through this path: 【 Mine → Settings → Clear Cache 】.
Delete your personal information
Except for the ways and circumstances in which you manage and delete personal information as described in Article 4.1,
In the following situations, we will proactively delete your personal information. If we have not deleted it, you can send an email to privacy@zhihu.com Requesting us to delete personal information:
(1) The processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
(2) We cease to provide products or services, or the retention period has expired;
(3) You withdraw your consent;
(4) We handle personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations, or agreements;
(5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and/or services, certain features may be provided by our service partners (such as our third-party service providers, contractors, agents, etc.). We may entrust service partners to process certain personal information on our behalf, such as third-party suppliers sending emails or push notifications on our behalf, sending research invitations on our behalf, mailing you purchased or confirmed received goods on our behalf, and conducting data statistical analysis on de identified information.
For companies, organizations, and individuals who accept our commission to process your personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements or data processing agreements with them, clarifying the entrusted matters, the purpose, duration, processing methods, types of personal information processing, protection measures, and the rights and obligations of both parties. We require them to process personal information only in accordance with our requirements, this guideline, and relevant confidentiality and security measures. If such third parties want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they should seek your consent again. If you refuse our service partner to collect or use personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use some of the services provided by the partner in Zhihu products and/or services.
Agree separately.
When you view web pages created by third parties or use applications developed by third parties, these third parties may place their own cookies
E or use other technological means that are beyond our control and their use is not subject to this policy. Collaborators may have their own independent personal information protection policies and user agreements. We recommend that you read and comply with third-party personal information protection policies and user agreements.
In principle, we will not transfer control of your personal information to other companies, organizations, or individuals.
We will not publicly disclose your personal information unless we obtain your separate consent.
Special note: In the process of using Zhihu, your personal information that you actively share and share is not restricted by this guideline (such as forwarding content to other Internet platforms). You should note that any information you share can be read, collected, and used by any third party. Please carefully consider if the content published and disseminated through Zhihu contains your personal information. You fully understand that when you make disclosures on your own, Zhihu only stores content or system logs containing such information, but will not actively identify such information as your personal information. As long as you do not delete the information you have publicly posted, it may remain in the public domain indefinitely; In some cases, even if you delete the information you have publicly posted, such information can still be independently cached, copied, or stored by other users or third parties that are not associated with or controlled by Zhihu, or saved in the public domain through other users or third parties. For example, when you forward your answers published on Zhihu to other Internet platforms, the platform will independently display, cache or save your forwarded content, and other Internet users will also forward and save your answers, while the corresponding pages will not be controlled by Zhihu.
Your personal information security is crucial to us. We will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, take reasonable and feasible measures recognized by the industry, and protect your personal information. Prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification of information, and avoid information damage or loss.
We strive to adopt various physical, electronic, and management security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the security of your personal information. We actively establish a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards to manage and regulate the storage and use of personal information, ensuring that personal information unrelated to the services we provide is not collected.
We implement comprehensive security control over data by signing confidentiality agreements, monitoring and auditing mechanisms with information contacts. Prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of your personal information.
We have implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, and preventing data damage or loss. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, when exchanging data (such as credit card information) between your browser and Zhihu, it is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing for the websites mentioned in the "Introduction" of this guideline; We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. When we display your personal information, we will use methods such as content replacement and anonymous processing to anonymize your information and protect its security.
We have passed the Level 3 certification for information security protection by the Ministry of Public Security, and have established a good coordination and communication mechanism with regulatory agencies and third-party evaluation institutions to timely resist and deal with various information security threats, providing comprehensive protection for your information security.
We will try our best to ensure the security of any information you send us, but please understand that due to technical restrictions and various malicious means in the Internet industry, we cannot guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may encounter issues due to factors beyond our control. To prevent safety accidents, we have established a proper warning mechanism and emergency plan. If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will immediately activate emergency plans to minimize losses. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event in a timely manner through phone calls, push notifications, etc. If it is difficult to inform users one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish announcements.
At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements and closely cooperate with government agencies.
We attach great importance to the management of your personal information and provide various functions to safeguard your rights to access, correct, delete, and withdraw consent to your personal information. When using the Zhihu WeChat mini program, if users want to manage information related to the creation, approval, liking, and bookmarking sections, please operate within the Zhihu app. For specific instructions, please refer to the following path description.
【 Settings → Account and Security 】 You can use this function to view and modify account passwords, modify bound phone numbers, bind email addresses, and bind social accounts; You can access the recent activity history of your Zhihu account to learn about the login devices and locations of your account within the past month. You can set up trusted devices to reduce security verification related to login.
You can view and modify your other account information in the "Edit Profile" section, including profile picture, username, one sentence introduction, gender, birthday, place of residence, industry, career experience, education experience, and personal profile; You can add image keywords for yourself or invite friends to add them, and you can also edit or delete image keywords. You can manage the display of identification.
Zhihu still needs to store and retain the content you have previously published (excluding the content in the weed control draft box) in the background in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations
【 My → Creation → Content Analysis 】 You can view your published content (package)
The data situation and trends of answers, videos, and articles. The main data includes total reading volume, total playback volume, and interaction volume (obtained approval, comments, likes, favorites).
You can view the revenue situation and trend of your current account on the Zhihu platform by going to 'My Creation' and then 'Revenue Analysis'. The main data includes today's earnings, cumulative earnings, creative balance, daily list, content earnings, etc.
You can check/close your recent browsing history, batch delete or completely clear your browsing history. If you want to delete your recent browsing information while using the Zhihu WeChat mini program, you can send an email to privacy@zhihu.com Submit a request to us to delete personal information.
【 My → Follow 】 You can manage all your follow lists, including the users you follow, columns, questions, topics, topics, roundtables, and bookmarks.
【 My → Favorites 】 You can manage the individual topics or bookmarks you have created, as well as the content you follow.
【 My Wallet 】 You can view your account balance, Zhihu Coin, Live Salt Granules and Live Salt Coins balance, transaction records, and the gift vouchers you own on this platform.
You can view the details of your purchase orders on this platform.
【 My → Bookshelf 】 You can view the details of books and courses (including paid and free content) that you have read and browsed within Zhihu, and can also download, filter, delete, and manage them.
You can apply for/cancel personal authentication, or view and modify Zhihu's personal authentication information in the editing section of my personal homepage.
You can clear the cache of Zhihu on your device through this path: 【 Mine → Settings → Clear Cache 】.
(1) The processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
(2) We cease to provide products or services, or the retention period has expired;
(3) You withdraw your consent;
(4) We handle personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations, or agreements;
After you delete the information, we will adjust the products and/or services provided by Zhihu accordingly. But please understand that this will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
Obtain your personal information
If you need to view the personal information that Zhihu has collected about you, you can check it in 【 My → Settings → Collected Personal Information List 】.
If you need to obtain a copy of your personal information, you can contact "Zhihu Xiaoguan" on the "My → Settings → Privacy Center → Personal Information Download" page and apply to download the personal information that Zhihu has collected from you.
Withdraw your authorization and consent
1. Withdraw consent to messages and push notifications
【 My → Settings 】 You can choose and manage message settings and push notification settings. You can also set the Do Not Disturb mode for push notifications.
2. Withdraw consent to personalized recommendations
You can withdraw your consent to personalized content recommendations and personalized advertising recommendations on this page, including:
(1) Turn off personalized content recommendations: You can choose whether to accept Zhihu's algorithm to recommend content that you may be interested in. After closing, Zhihu will cancel recommending Q&A, articles, courses, books, and other content that may interest you. Zhihu will only randomly push content to you, and the relevance of the recommendations you see will decrease.
(2) Turn off personalized ad recommendations: You can choose whether to accept personalized ad recommendations. After closing, the relevance of the advertisement to you will decrease, but the number of advertisements you see will not decrease.
3. Withdraw other authorizations
You can go to the "My Settings Privacy Center Permission Authorization Settings" page to:
(1) Permission settings: You can manage, set, and revoke system permissions that have been enabled when using Zhihu in the "Permission Settings" section.
(2) Withdrawal of Personal Information Protection Guidelines: You can choose to withdraw authorization for this guideline by clicking on "Withdrawal of Privacy Agreement". After you withdraw, you will need to make a new selection of your authorization status so that you can continue to use Zhihu's products or services.
(3) Withdrawal of 'Marketing SMS and Phone': After you choose to withdraw, Zhihu will no longer use the mobile phone number provided during your registration to contact you and/or send you SMS notifications based on the above purposes for promotion, marketing, or invitation cooperation.
Please be informed that when you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer collect and process the corresponding personal information. However, please understand that after you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the specific functions and/or services corresponding to that consent or authorization. Your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the validity of personal information processing activities previously conducted based on your consent or authorization.
Cancel Zhihu account
If you need to cancel your Zhihu account, you need to submit an application on the "My → Exclusive Customer Service/Feedback and Help → Account Cancellation" page and fill in the information according to the instructions on the page so that we can verify your request. After canceling your account, we will cease to provide you with all products and/or services of Zhihu, and process your personal information through anonymization and other means in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, or delete personal information related to your account, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies regarding the storage time of user information. For the relevant rules and procedures for account cancellation, please refer to the "Important Reminder for User Cancellation".
Restrict the processing of your personal information
Please be aware and understand that in order for you to use Zhihu products and/or services normally, you need to provide us with necessary personal information related to the products and/or services. In the product settings, you can adjust the authorization and functions related to personal information. If you wish to have more specific and personalized restrictions on our processing of your personal information or do not wish to receive commercial advertisements or marketing messages we send to you, you can send an email to【 privacy@zhihu.com 】.
In response to your above request
To ensure the security of your account, we will first verify your identity (if you are required to provide a document)
Face-to-face request or other means),
We will complete the verification of your identity and respond to your request within fifteen working days after receiving your request
However, for requests that are repeated multiple times and exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that contradict legal and regulatory requirements, are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
If you have further requests or have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding your rights as a data subject, you can contact us and exercise your relevant rights through the methods described in the "How to Contact Us" section of this guide.
How do we store your personal information
We will store user personal information obtained from within the territory of the People's Republic of China and retain your personal information for the shortest period of time required for the purposes described in this guideline. After the expiration of the retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as required by national laws, regulations, normative documents, government policies, orders, or to fulfill our compliance obligations. For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction; The Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China requires the adoption of technical measures to monitor and record network operation status and network security incidents, and to retain relevant network logs for no less than six months in accordance with regulations.
How do we use cookies and other technologies
When you use our services, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. We use this information to determine whether registered users have logged in, improve service and/or product quality, and optimize user experience. If you do not want personal information to be stored in cookies, you can configure your browser and choose to disable the cookie function.
You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a feature to block cookies.
The following link provides instructions on how to control cookies in all mainstream browsers:
Google Chrome： https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en ;
IE： https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/260971/description-of-cookies ;
Safari (desktop version): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US ;
Safari (Mobile Version): https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265 ;
Firefox browser: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?redirectlocale=en -US&redirectslug=Cookies;
Opera： https://www.opera.com/zh-cn/help .
If you are using other browsers, please refer to the documentation provided by the browser manufacturer.
Please be aware that if you refuse to use or clear existing tracking technologies, you will need to personally change your user settings during each visit, and we may not be able to provide you with a better user experience, and some services may not function properly.
How do we handle the personal information of minors
Our products, website, and services are primarily aimed at adults. If you are a minor under the age of 18, please do not use or terminate the use of our products and/or services.
If you are the guardian of a minor, please contact us promptly in accordance with Article 9 if you have any questions about whether the minor under your guardianship is using our services or providing us with information. If we discover that we have collected personal information of minors without our knowledge, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
How do we update and modify this guide
Although this guideline outlines the standards we follow in protecting personal information, these standards may change with our timely revisions, which form a part of this guideline. This guideline is an important component of the Zhihu Agreement (Draft). Zhihu reserves the right to update or modify this guideline from time to time. When there are changes to this guideline, we will notify you through our platform client through reasonable means such as push notifications, pop ups, system notifications, and internal private messages, so that you can be informed of any changes made to this guideline in a timely manner. You can view the latest content of this guide on this platform through 【 My → Settings → Privacy Center → Personal Information Protection Guide 】.
Please note that we will only collect, use, process, and store your personal information in accordance with the updated statement after obtaining your consent. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this guideline.
More prominent notifications will also be provided
Major changes include but are not limited to:
(1) Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
(2) We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
(3) The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
(4) There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
(5) Our responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security have changed;
(6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
If you do not agree with the revised personal information protection guidelines, you have the right and should immediately stop using Zhihu's services.
How do you contact us
We will complete the response and processing of your identity and request within fifteen working days after receiving your request, and assist in resolving your issue.
Please understand and be aware that in order to ensure security and efficiently handle your issue and provide timely feedback, we will process your request after verifying your identity. When we verify your identity, we may require you to provide relevant evidence.
Dispute Resolution
Any disputes arising from this guideline and our handling of your personal information may be brought to the People's Court of Haidian District, Beijing. If you believe that our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also report to the relevant government departments.
Concept and Definition
The nouns used in this guide have the following definitions in their usual meanings:
ID number, personal biometric information
Biometric identification, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health care, financial accounts, whereabouts and trajectories
ID number, personal biometric information, bank account number, communication content, health and physiological information
(3) Log information: including the content you publish and browse while using Zhihu, the operation time, type, original network address, destination address, port, access date and time, and login IP information when you publish the content.
(4) Follow list: including the users you follow, content list (including topics, bookmarks, etc.).
(5) Address book information: The contact information you store, including phone numbers and names. To collect the above information, we may need to apply for your authorization to use the device's phone and storage permissions.
(6) Accurate positioning information: refers to GPS or base station information. To collect the above information, we need to apply for your authorization to use the device's location permissions.
(7) Transaction record: refers to the transaction time, product purchase, and payment price of purchasing goods or services.
(8) De identification: The process of processing personal information to make it impossible to identify a specific individual without the need for additional information.
(9) Anonymization: The process by which personal information cannot be identified as a specific natural person and cannot be recovered after processing.
(10) Chinese Mainland or Chinese Mainland: refers to the mainland area of the People's Republic of China, which is only for the purpose of the Guidelines, excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan.
Personal Information Protection Guidelines Historical Version Review
Want to work at Zhihu? Please send an email to jobs@zhihu.com
By logging in to Zhihu, you can enjoy the following benefits:
Understand your high-quality content better
More professional expert answerer
Deeper interactive communication
A more efficient creative environment
Quality questions, professional answers, in-depth articles, and exciting videos from over 50 million creators are all available on Zhihu.
