Effective Date: September 1st, 2019
Update Date: February 6th, 2024
Thank you for choosing to use the graphite document software service (hereinafter referred to as "software service" or "product") provided by Wuhan Chuxin Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Chuxin Technology", registered address: Huazhong Shuguang Software Park, Guanshan 1st Road, Donghu Development Zone, Wuhan City, Hubei Province). This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy") describes the purpose, method, and scope of Chuxin Technology's collection, use, storage, and sharing of your personal information when you use software services.
Chuxin Technology attaches great importance to your privacy. Before using the software service, please read this policy carefully. Chuxin Technology will comply with legal and regulatory requirements and make every commercially reasonable effort to protect the personal information collected by Chuxin Technology during your use of the software service. By clicking on the online page to confirm, actually purchasing, or using the software services provided by Chuxin Technology, you indicate that you have read and fully understood the content of this policy, agree to Chuxin Technology collecting, using, storing, and sharing your personal information in accordance with this policy, and acknowledge all the terms of this policy and agree to be bound by them.
We may revise this policy from time to time in accordance with laws, regulations, or business adjustments. When there are changes to this policy, we will display the updated content to you through prominent prompts or push notifications, messages, and other forms after the version update.
You need to understand that we will only collect, use, process, and store your personal information in accordance with the revised policy after you confirm and agree to it; You have the right to refuse to agree to the changed privacy policy, but please be aware that once you refuse to agree to the changed privacy policy, it may result in you being unable or unable to continue to fully use the software service related services and functions, or unable to achieve the service effect we intend to achieve.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
How do we collect and use your personal information
How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
How do we use cookies and similar technologies
How do we store and protect your personal information
Your right to manage personal information
How do we protect the personal information of minors
How to update this policy
How to contact us
Dispute Resolution
1. How do we collect and use your personal information
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, in principle, graphite documents belong to the type of utility tools, and the basic function is "document processing and other tool services". The basic function services can be used without personal information; At the same time, Graphite Document can also be used as an Internet office cloud service platform. When you need more functional services, we will explain to you through this privacy policy, and will only process your personal information with your consent. Please be informed that if you refuse this privacy policy, we will not be able to provide you with complete graphite document services, but you can still use basic functional services.
1.1 Personal Information (from GB/T 35273-2020 "Information Security Technology - Personal Information Security Specification"): refers to various information recorded in electronic or other ways that can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. The personal information referred to in this privacy policy includes the basic information of natural persons (including personal name, date of birth, gender, address, personal phone number, email address), personal identification information (including ID number), personal biometric information (including fingerprints, facial features), and network identification information (including system account) IP address, personal digital certificate, etc.), personal property information (including bank account number, password, transaction and consumption records, virtual currency, virtual transactions, exchange codes, etc.), address book information, personal internet browsing records (including website browsing records, software usage records, and lists of software in use), personal commonly used device information (including hardware serial number, hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, software list, unique device identification code), personal location information (including approximate geographic location, precise positioning information). The specific types of personal information we actually collect shall be subject to the description below.
Personal sensitive information (from GB/T 35273-2020 "Information Security Technology - Personal Information Security Specification"): refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or abused, may endanger personal and property security, and is highly likely to cause damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The personal sensitive information covered in this privacy policy includes your personal property information, personal identification information, personal biometric information, network identification information, address book information, precise positioning information, and shipping address. The specific types of personal sensitive information we collect are subject to the description below.
1.2 The types of personal information we collect and use from you include two: the first type is information necessary for the core business functions of our software services: this type of information is essential for the normal operation of the software services, and you must authorize us to collect it. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use our software services normally; The second type: Information that may need to be collected for additional business functions: This information is not required for core business functions, and you can choose whether to authorize us to collect it. If you refuse to provide, it will result in the inability to implement additional business functions or achieve the desired effect, but it will not affect your normal use of core business functions.
1.3 Normally, we collect and use your personal information in the following scenarios:
1.3.1 Account Registration
(1) You need to provide us with the following information: account nickname, phone number, or email address (personal sensitive information used to receive verification codes to match personal identity). You can only successfully account and use the core functions of the product and/or service by providing truthful and accurate information as mentioned above. If you choose not to provide the necessary information mentioned above, it may result in us being unable to provide you with the core product functionality.
(2) Our product supports you to log in using a third-party platform account (DingTalk account/WeChat account). If you log in using a third-party platform account, we will obtain the relevant information under that third-party account based on your authorization
Information (including username, nickname, avatar, etc.) and authentication information (personal sensitive information). We promise to collect the above information for the purpose of providing you with account login services, ensuring the security of your account, and preventing security risks. If you refuse to authorize such information, you will not be able to log in to our platform using a third-party platform account, but it will not affect the normal use of other products and services we provide.
(3) At the same time, you need to understand that the matching results of your mobile phone number or email address and verification code belong to your personal sensitive information. We collect such information based on relevant requirements of laws and regulations. If you refuse to provide it, it may cause you to be unable to register an account and use related product functions. Please carefully consider before choosing whether to provide it.
1.3.2 Customer Service
When you file a complaint, appeal, or consultation with Graphite Document, for the security of your account and system, we may need you to provide account information first and match it with your previous personal information to verify your user identity. At the same time, in order to facilitate contact with you or help you solve problems, we may also need you to provide personal information such as name, phone number, email, and other contact information (personal sensitive information). In addition, we will also collect communication information between you and us (including text/images/audio/video/call records), as well as other necessary information related to your needs. We collect this information to investigate facts and help you solve problems. If you refuse to provide the above information, we may not be able to provide you with timely feedback on complaints, appeals, or consultation results.
1.3.3 Online Documents
The functions we currently provide, such as online preview, editing, multi person online collaborative editing, document sharing, and real-time saving of documents to the cloud, as well as the subsequent launch of cloud based services, are all based on the premise that you upload relevant document materials (including manual uploading and automatic roaming) to the cloud when you are connected to the internet and log in to your account. We collect the documents and document information you upload to the cloud (including document type, size, document permissions, and storage location, the same below) to provide you with the necessary cloud services.
When collaborating on online documents, in order to make all parties involved in the collaborative editing aware of the edited and modified information, we will display your avatar, nickname, and modification traces, and provide all parties with access to the historical versions of the document. In addition, you can set document permissions according to your needs.
1.3.4 Images and Files
When you use the document function, we will collect the pictures and files you voluntarily provide. At the same time, we will also access your phone album permission and file reading permission with your consent for the convenience of inserting pictures and files. At the same time, you can also enable/disable this permission at any time through your device system or by using the relevant feature settings page of our products and/or services. For example, the album permission setting path for iOS and Android graphite document apps is: "My Settings System Permission Management". By granting this permission, you authorize us to access, obtain, collect, and use your personal information; After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your personal information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of your personal information based on your previous authorization.
1.3.5 Scanning QR codes, taking photos, and text recognition
When you use the device camera to scan QR codes, take photos, shoot videos, and recognize text, we will access the relevant permissions of your device camera and collect the image and video information you provide based on scanning QR codes, taking photos, shooting videos, and uploading text to us. If you refuse to provide this permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of the product and/or service. At the same time, you can also enable/disable this permission at any time through your device system or by using the relevant feature settings page of our products and/or services. For example, the camera permission setting path for the iOS and Android graphite document apps is: "My Settings System Permission Management". By granting this permission, you authorize us to access, obtain, collect, and use your personal information; After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your personal information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of your personal information based on your previous authorization.
1.3.6 Microphone and voice input
When you input voice, we will access your device's microphone related permissions and collect the audio information you provide based on microphone voice input and upload to us. If you refuse to provide this permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of the product and/or service. At the same time, you can also enable/disable this permission at any time through your device system or by using the relevant feature settings page of our products and/or services. For example, the microphone permission setting path for the iOS and Android graphite document apps is: "My Settings System Permission Management". By granting this permission, you authorize us to access, obtain, collect, and use your personal information; After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your personal information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of your personal information based on your previous authorization.
1.3.7 Public Link Sharing
When you share using public links, we will require you to provide real name authentication. If you refuse to provide this permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of the product and/or service. We promise to make every effort to ensure the security of your personal information. We will only obtain and use it for the purpose of real name authentication and will not disclose it to unrelated parties or use it for any other purpose.
1.3.8 Address Book Permissions
When you invite collaborators through your phone number, we will access your device's address book to read permissions and receive notifications
Collect the personnel information you provided to participate in the collaboration. If you refuse to provide this permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of the product and/or service. At the same time, you can also enable/disable this permission at any time through your device system or by using the relevant feature settings page of our products and/or services. For example, the address book permission setting path for iOS and Android graphite document apps is: "My Settings System Permission Management". By granting this permission, you authorize us to access, obtain, collect, and use your personal information; After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your personal information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of your personal information based on your previous authorization.
1.3.9 Improve our products or services
We will conduct data analysis based on the device model, operating system version, network information, ANDROIDID, IP address, and operational behavior data of your use of this service to understand the usage and adaptation of the product, and provide data support for the development of new products and services, as well as the improvement of existing functions and services.
1.3.10 Copying and Sharing
When you share or copy information, we need to access your clipboard and read the links and other content information contained in it to achieve functions or services such as jumping, copying, and sharing. If you refuse to provide this permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of the product and/or service.
1.3.11 Push function
To implement the function of receiving comments, @ and other messages related to oneself in the app backend, we will push notifications to you. On Android, in order to maintain the stability of the push channel after restarting the phone and improve the timeliness of push messages, we will also receive a BOOT_Completed broadcast notification indicating the completion of the phone restart. If you refuse to provide this permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of the product and/or service.
2. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
2.1 Sharing
We attach great importance to the protection of your personal information. Your personal information is an important basis and component of the products and/or services we provide to you. We only collect and use your personal information within the purpose and scope stated in this privacy policy or in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and strictly keep it confidential. Normally, we do not share your personal information with other organizations or individuals, except in the following situations:
(1) Sharing with explicit consent: With your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties;
(2) Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with legal regulations, litigation, arbitration needs, or as required by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law;
(3) Within the scope required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your personal information to third parties in order to protect the interests, property, or safety of us, our users, or the general public from harm. For example, when you are complained of infringement of intellectual property or other legal rights by others, it is necessary to disclose your necessary information to the complainant for complaint handling;
(4) Your personal information may be shared between our affiliated companies. We will only share necessary personal information, and this sharing is also subject to the purpose of this privacy policy statement. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will seek your authorization and consent again;
(5) Sharing with authorized partners: In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, we may entrust trusted partners to provide services, so we may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and optimize user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. At the same time, in order to display or recommend more relevant (rather than universal) advertisements to you, we will collect your hardware model, device MAC address, operating system, device ID, IMEI, and share them with third-party partners for targeted advertising, improving the efficiency of advertising distribution. You can turn off programmatic ads through "My Settings Programmatic Ad Display". After closing, the relevance of the advertisement to you will decrease, but the number of advertisements you see will not decrease.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements and information protection agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. If you refuse our partners to collect personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the third-party service on our platform. Our usual partners include the following categories:
A、 Service providers that provide functional support for our products, such as payment institutions that offer payment services. Our purpose of sharing information is only to achieve the functionality of our products;
B、 Third party SDK service providers: Our products may include third-party SDKs or other similar applications. If you use these third-party services on our platform, you agree to have them directly collect and process your information (such as in the form of embedded code, plugins, etc.). At present, please refer to the "Graphite Document Third Party SDK Catalog" for specific third-party SDK services included in our products.
The aforementioned service providers' collection and processing of information comply with their own privacy policies and are not applicable to this policy. To ensure the maximum security of your information, we recommend that you review the privacy policy of any third-party SDK services before using them. To protect your legitimate rights and interests, if you discover any risks associated with such SDKs or similar applications, we recommend that you immediately terminate the relevant operations and contact us promptly.
two point two
transfer the possession of
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual unless we obtain your explicit consent. If a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy liquidation occurs, it may involve the transfer of personal information, in which case we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. If there are any changes to the collection and processing of personal information as stipulated in this privacy policy, the company or organization will seek your authorization and consent again.
2.3 Public Disclosure
Public disclosure refers to the act of releasing information to society or unspecified groups of people. We will not disclose your personal information to the public except for necessary matters such as punishment notices for illegal accounts, fraudulent behavior, etc., and desensitization display of relevant information when announcing winning/winning lists. If there are legitimate reasons for public disclosure, we will inform you of the purpose and type of the information to be disclosed before public disclosure (if it involves your personal sensitive information, we will also inform you of the content of the sensitive information involved), and after obtaining your authorization and consent, we will disclose it to the public, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or as stipulated in this policy.
For your personal information that is publicly disclosed, we will promptly and carefully review its legitimacy, reasonableness, and legality upon receiving a public disclosure application, and take the strictest personal information security measures and means to protect it during and after public disclosure.
2.4 Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information
Please be informed that according to laws and regulations, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent in the following situations:
(1) Related to national security and defense security;
(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; Or according to the requirements of laws and regulations, as well as the demands of administrative agencies or competent authorities such as public security, procuratorial and judicial organs;
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
(5) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(6) Necessary for signing and fulfilling relevant agreements or other written documents with you;
(7) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
3. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3.1 To ensure the normal operation of the website and provide you with a more convenient access experience, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With cookies, websites can store Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), reference/exit page, operating system, date/time stamp and/or click stream data, your preferences and other data.
3.2 You can manage cookies according to your preferences, and you can also clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers have a function to block cookies. But if you do so, you will need to change your user settings every time you visit our website. To learn more about how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you are using.
3.3 In addition to cookies, we will also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on the website. For example, the email we send you may contain an address link to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track that click to help us understand your product or service preferences and proactively improve our customer service experience. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
You understand and acknowledge that some of our products/services can only be achieved through the use of cookies or similar technologies. If you refuse to use or delete them, you may not be able to use our related products and/or services normally or obtain the best service experience through our products and/or services. At the same time, it may also have a certain impact on your information protection and account security.
4. How do we store and protect your information
4.1 Information Storage
4.1.1 Storage location: In accordance with laws and regulations, we will only store the personal information collected about you within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we do not have any cross-border storage of your personal information or provision of personal information overseas. If it is necessary to conduct cross-border data transmission, we will inform you separately (including the purpose of data export, recipient, usage method and scope, usage content, security measures, security risks, etc.), and obtain your authorization and consent. We will ensure that the data recipient has sufficient data protection capabilities to protect your personal information.
4.1.2 Storage period: We retain your personal information for the shortest period necessary to meet the purpose of providing you with products and services. For example, when you use our registration and membership functions, we need to collect your phone number, and after you provide it and during your use of the function, we need to continuously save your phone number to provide you with the function normally, protect your account and system security. In addition, we may keep your relevant information for the necessary period specified by relevant laws. After exceeding the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information (referring to the process of using technology to process personal information so that the subject of personal information cannot be identified or associated, and the processed information cannot be restored).
4.2 Information Protection
4.2.1 Your personal information security is crucial to us. We will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, adopt safety protection measures that meet industry standards, including establishing reasonable
Institutional norms and security technologies are used to protect your personal information. Prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. We will use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
4.2.2 In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements (no later than 30 natural days). We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
The Internet environment is not 100% secure. Although we have these security measures, please note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the Internet. We will try our best to ensure the security of your personal information.
5. Your right to manage personal information
We understand your concern about personal information and make every effort to ensure your right to access, correct, delete, and revoke authorization for your personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to protect your privacy and security. We will ensure that you exercise the following rights over your personal information in accordance with this policy:
5.1 Accessing Your Personal Information
You have the right to access your personal information, except in special circumstances provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise your data access rights, you can access them yourself through the following methods:
Account Information: If you wish to access or edit your personal profile and payment information in your account, change your password, add security information, or close your account, you can do so by accessing the "My Account Management" feature of our products or services.
If you are unable to access this information through the above functional modules, you can always send an email to contact@shimo.im . We will reply to your visit request within 15 days.
For other personal information generated during your use of our products or services, as long as we do not require excessive investment, we will provide it to you. If you wish to exercise your data access rights, please send an email to contact@shimo.im .
5.2 Correction of Your Personal Information
When you discover errors, incompleteness, or updates in the personal information we process about you, you can correct/modify your personal information in our products. You can make corrections through the methods recorded in the "My Account Management" section.
For the difficulties you encounter in exercising the above rights, or for other situations where we may not currently be able to provide you with online self correction/modification services, after verifying your identity and ensuring that the correction/modification does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information, you have the right to make corrections or modifications to the incorrect or incomplete information, or in specific circumstances, especially when there are data errors, submit your correction/modification application to us through our published feedback and error reporting measures, requesting us to correct or modify your data, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. However, due to security and identity recognition considerations, you may not be able to modify certain initial registration information submitted during registration.
5.3 Delete Your Personal Information
For some of your personal information, you can also proactively delete the information you provided through the relevant product function page "My Account Management Cancel Account" provided by us.
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
(1) If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(3) If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
(4) If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
(5) If we no longer provide you with products or services.
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete this information when the backup is updated.
5.4 Withdrawal of Your Authorization for Personal Information
As mentioned earlier, some of the functions of the product we provide require relevant permissions for your device usage (including location, camera, microphone, schedule, etc., subject to the actual functions obtained by the product). You can revoke (or stop) the continued authorization of this permission at any time after authorization. For example, you can revoke the corresponding authorization through "My Settings System Permission Management Click on Authorized Permission Items". You can also permanently revoke all authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account. You need to understand that when you revoke your authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the specific functions and/or services corresponding to the revocation of authorization. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
5.5 You have the right to cancel your account
You can cancel your account by following the instructions in the product function "My Account Management Cancel Account". After you cancel your account, you will no longer be able to log in and use our products and services with that account; And any unused benefits generated during the use of the account will be cleared; The content, information, data, records, etc. under this account will be deleted or anonymized (except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or required by regulatory authorities, such as according to the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, your network operation logs will be retained for at least six months); After account cancellation is completed, it cannot be restored.
If you have any questions regarding the handling of your personal information, you can communicate with us through the contact information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this policy to resolve them.
6. How do we protect minors
Personal information of individuals
6.1 We mainly provide products and services to adults. If you are a minor, we require you to have your parents or guardians carefully read this policy and use our services or provide us with information with their consent.
6.2 In the case of collecting personal information of minors through the use of our products or services with the consent of parents or guardians, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose this information as permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or as necessary to protect minors.
6.3 If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, you can communicate with us through the contact information listed in the "Contact Us" section of this policy to resolve them. If we discover that personal information of minors has been collected without obtaining verifiable consent from their guardians in advance, we will delete the relevant data as soon as possible. If we find that personal information of minors under the age of 14 has been collected without the prior consent of their guardians, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
7. How can your personal data be transferred across borders
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will store your personal information collected and generated during the operation in Chinese Mainland in Chinese Mainland. At present, we will not transfer your personal information overseas. If we do so, we will comply with relevant national regulations or seek your consent.
8. Update of this policy
This policy may be modified from time to time. Once this policy is modified, the update time stated in this policy will be adjusted accordingly at the top of this page based on the modification time. If such updates result in a substantial reduction or significant change in your rights under this policy, we will notify you in a prominent location or by sending you push messages or other means before this policy takes effect. If you continue to use our services, it means that you have fully read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the revised policy. If you do not agree with the modified content, please do not use any part or all of our software services after the modification of this policy (i.e. after the update time stated in the modified policy). If you continue to use our software services, it is necessary to carefully read and reconfirm the latest privacy policy. In case of any related disputes, the latest privacy policy shall prevail.
Major changes include but are not limited to:
(1) Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
(2) We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
(3) The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
(4) There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
(5) Our responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security have changed;
(6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
9. Contact Us
9.1 If you have any questions, opinions, suggestions, complaints, or reports regarding this policy or your personal information, you can contact us through any of the following methods:
(1) You can contact our online customer service on the product function page of our platform or submit feedback online;
(2) You can send an email to contact@shimo.im This email address may be updated and disclosed from time to time as part of this policy;
(3) You can write to: 7th Floor, Zhongdi Science and Technology Park, No. 598 Guanshan Avenue, Hongshan District, Wuhan City, at the Graphite Document Information Security Department.
We will reply to you as soon as possible within 15 days after receiving your feedback and suggestions and verifying your user identity.
9.2 To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
9.3 For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees. However, for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repeated, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
9.4 You understand and acknowledge that we will not be able to respond to your request in the following circumstances related to personal information:
(1) Directly related to national security and defense security;
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
(4) There is sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
(5) Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests.
(6) Involving trade secrets.
10. Dispute Resolution
10.1 The interpretation and dispute resolution of this policy shall be governed by the laws of mainland China. You agree to file a lawsuit with the People's Court of Donghu New Technology Development Zone, Wuhan City, Hubei Province to resolve any disputes arising from this policy and our handling of your personal information.
10.2 If you believe that our handling of personal information has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you may also choose to report to the relevant government departments.
10.3 The title of this privacy policy is for convenience and readability only and does not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions in the main text.
