NetEase News Basic Features Privacy Policy
Updated on May 9th, 2024
[Preface] Welcome to the services provided by "NetEase News"! NetEase News (referring to the NetEase News client and its corresponding services, hereinafter referred to as "NetEase News" or "we") understands the importance of personal information to you. We solemnly promise to protect the personal information and privacy security of users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") who use our products and services. When you use NetEase News, we may collect and use your relevant personal information. We hope to explain to you through the "NetEase News Basic Function Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy") the corresponding processing rules and other related matters when we collect and use your personal information, in order to better protect your rights and interests.
【 Special Reminder 】 Before using NetEase News, please read carefully (minors should read with a guardian) and understand this policy (especially the terms highlighted in bold) to make appropriate choices.
This policy applies to NetEase News; Users under the age of fourteen are also subject to this policy
. As per this policy and
If there is any inconsistency between the provisions of similar clauses in the policy, this policy shall prevail.
You agree that this policy only represents your consent to NetEase News collecting and processing your necessary personal information when providing login registration, interactive publishing, personalized information display, and meeting the main functions of NetEase News security operation. It does not mean that you agree to our collection and processing of non essential personal information.
After reading this policy, if you have any questions about this policy or matters related to this policy, you can contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
catalogue
1、 How do we collect and use personal information
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
3、 Personal information that we may share, transfer, and disclose
4、 How do we store and protect personal information
5、 How to manage personal information
6、 Third party services
7、 Protection of Minors
8、 Revision and Notification
9、 How to contact us
1、 How do we collect and use personal information
We collect your personal information mainly for you and other users to use NetEase News more easily and satisfactorily. Our goal is to provide all Internet users with a safe, interesting and instructive online experience. And this information helps us achieve this goal.
（1） We will collect and obtain your personal information through the following channels:
1. The information you provided. For example:
(1) The information you provide to us when registering an account or using NetEase News;
(2) The shared information you provide to third parties through NetEase News, as well as the information stored when you use NetEase News.
Please note that if you disclose your information in the public areas visible to other users in NetEase News, or in your responses to information uploaded or published by others, such information may be collected and used by others. When you discover that others have improperly collected or used your information, you can do so through
Contact us through the listed feedback channels.
2. We obtained your information. When you use NetEase News, we collect, summarize, and record information such as log information, location information, and device information.
We collect your personal information indirectly. For example:
(1) Your information shared by third parties. That is, the shared information about you provided by third parties when using NetEase News.
And after you agree to this policy, bind your third-party account with your NetEase News account, so that you can directly log in and use NetEase News through the third-party account
（2） We will collect and use the following types of personal information from you for the following purposes:
Browsing, searching, providing login and registration, interactive publishing, personalized information display, and meeting the security and operation requirements of NetEase News
The basic functional scenarios we provide for you, as well as the personal information collected and used, and the permissions for calling, are as follows:
1. Browsing and searching for news and information
(1) According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, NetEase News is a news and information application, so the service can be used for browsing and searching news information without personal information.
Help you complete registration and login
We need to collect the following necessary basic registration or login information from you
Including: mobile phone number or email address, or third-party platform account and its registered public information (QQ number, WeChat account, Sina account and its avatar, nickname, and other information authorized by third parties), and creating your NetEase News account
And create your NetEase News account
In the information we have collected above, if you do not provide your mobile phone number, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we will not be able to provide you with interactive services such as content publishing, posting comments, etc.
Fill in or supplement your following non essential personal information (such as your nickname, avatar)
(3) We do not need to obtain your permission during your registration and login process.
(4) During your registration and login process, we will integrate SDKs provided by third-party service providers to provide a better login experience. For details on the SDKs involved and the personal information collected, please refer to the 'Providing Registration and Login Service SDK'.
(5) At the same time, we also provide a cancellation function for registered accounts. If you meet the conditions stipulated in the service agreement and relevant national laws and regulations, you can submit a cancellation application for your registered account on the "Cancel Account" page according to the corresponding requirements (for example, you can enter the cancellation page in "My Settings Account Settings" on NetEase News client).
After your NetEase News account is cancelled, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
Provide you with interactive or publishing services
Mobile phone number, location information, and uploaded, published, or generated information, using your nickname, avatar, IP address, phone model, and published content
(2) During the process of posting on NetEase News, you can choose whether to display your phone model or not; When you post updates, you can also choose whether to authorize me to provide location information
Set permissions and display location information. But if you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of NetEase News' interactive or publishing services.
(3) In the process of providing interactive or publishing services to you, in order to enhance your service experience, when posting pictures and comments, you can authorize us to access your camera and album permissions; When publishing video content, you can authorize us to access your microphone and camera permissions; When posting updates and selecting to display your precise location, you can authorize us to access your location permissions to enable us to collect and use the information involved in these features.
(4) In the process of providing you with interactive or publishing services, we will integrate SDKs provided by third-party service providers to provide a better service experience. For details on the SDKs involved and the personal information collected, please refer to the "Providing Interactive or Publishing Service SDKs".
Provide you with information display and push of content, products or services
Your browsing and search history, device information (including device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, NetEase news package name, device settings, device identifier (OAID), etc.) Android ID/ IDFA/ IDFV/Open UDID））、 Telecommunications operators, order information
(1) Based on the information you provide us, the information we may collect, and the information we indirectly collect about you, including your browsing and search history, device information (including device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, NetEase news package name, device settings, device identifiers (OAID Android ID/ IDFA/ IDFV/Open UDID））、 Telecommunications operators and order information. We may use a combination of one or more of the above information to conduct recommendation algorithm modeling, programmatic advertising recommendation algorithm modeling, user behavior analysis, and user profiling, in order to extract relevant features of your browsing, search preferences, and behavior habits, in order to provide you with personalized content that better meets your needs for displaying products or services on the page.
In the process of providing you with information display and push of content, products or services, we may apply to enable your location permission and collect location information in the scenarios of [headline, local business, nearby business], so that we can provide you with more accurate location-based information display and push of content, products or services. However, location permissions and location information will only be collected after you have separately enabled sub scenario authorization. If you have not enabled authorization in any of the above scenarios, we will not collect your location information in that scenario.
You can log in to NetEase News - My - Settings - Read Settings related function page. We provide you with relevant operation instructions and settings, and you can operate them yourself. Specifically, it includes:
Personalized recommendations, you can turn off personalized recommendations with one click or individually turn off specific types of personalized recommendations for different types (including location-based personalized recommendations, search history based personalized recommendations, and follow list based personalized recommendations).
You can choose to turn off programmatic advertising display and/or cross platform advertising recommendation. After turning off, the number of ads will remain unchanged, but the relevance will decrease. View, understand, and manage advertising recommendations.
Personalized tag management, you can add blocking tags, and once added, such content will no longer be recommended to you.
If you have any doubts or difficulties during the operation process, you can choose to contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Us" section of this policy, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
(3) In the process of providing you with information display and push of content, goods or services, you can activate system notification permissions to achieve information push services for content, goods or services.
(4) In the process of providing you with information display and push of content, products or services, we will access SDKs provided by third-party service providers. For details on the SDKs involved and the personal information collected, please refer to the 'SDK for Providing Information Display and Push of Content, Products or Services'.
(5) We may also send you marketing messages, user surveys, or other methods based on feature tags via email, SMS, or other means to help us improve NetEase News services and provide or promote our or third-party products and services as follows:
Our goods and services, including but not limited to: instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social network services, payment services, Internet search services, location and map services, applications and services, data management software and services, online advertising services, Internet finance and other social media, entertainment, online games, e-commerce, information and communication software and services; and
We may directly or indirectly collect, store, and associate information about the services you use and how you use them during your use of our services, including log information (IP address, telecom operator, network environment, WIFI name, client version) and device information (model, operating system and version, device resolution, CPU, gravity sensor, device identifier (OAID/IDFA/IDFV/Open UDID).
Third party goods and services, including but not limited to: Internet services, food and catering, sports, music, movies, television, live performances and other arts and entertainment, books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories, jewelry, cosmetics, personal health and hygiene, electronics, collectibles, household utensils, appliances, home decoration and furnishings, pets, cars, hotels, transportation and tourism, banking, insurance and financial services, points and incentive plans, and other goods and services that we think may be related to you.
(6) When you use AR services and innovative advertising interaction functions (such as shaking, twisting, and twisting the device), we will call the device's gyroscope, acceleration, and gravity sensors to recognize and judge your device status. Otherwise, AR services will not be available and innovative advertisements will not be displayed properly. Please understand that individual device sensor data does not involve any personal location information and cannot be combined with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person. In the functions based on gyroscope, acceleration, and gravity sensors, we have none
We need to obtain your permission. The SDK involved in this and the personal information collected are detailed in the 'Function SDK Based on Gyroscope, Acceleration, and Gravity Sensors'.
5. Maintain the security and operation of NetEase News and provide security guarantees for users
(1) In the process of using our services, in order to understand product compatibility, identify account abnormal status, better prevent security risks such as phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions, etc., more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or NetEase News related protocol rules, and ensure the network and operational security of NetEase News. We may directly or indirectly collect, store, and associate information about the services you use and how you use them during your use of our services, including log information (IP address, telecom operator, network environment, WIFI name, client version) and device information (model, operating system and version, device resolution, CPU, gravity sensor, device identifier (OAID/IDFA/IDFV/Open UDID).
(2) We do not need to obtain your permission to maintain the security operation of NetEase News and provide security protection for users.
(3) In the process of maintaining the security operation of NetEase News and providing security protection for users, we will access SDKs provided by third-party service providers. For details on the SDKs involved and the personal information collected, please refer to "Maintaining the Security Operation of NetEase News and Providing Security Protection SDKs for Users".
(4) Please note that individual device information and log information cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we combine this type of non personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person, or use it in conjunction with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non personal information will be considered personal information. Unless authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de identify this type of personal information. During the period of combined use, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this policy. We may use the above information to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
In addition to basic functional services, we also provide you with additional features
If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant additional features normally, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions.
If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned, we will obtain your consent through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, or other means in accordance with the law.
Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to relevant laws and regulations, the processing (including collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision, disclosure, deletion, etc.) of your information in the following situations does not require your authorization and consent:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) To respond to sudden public health emergencies or in emergency situations necessary to protect your life, health, and property safety;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
（4） NetEase News Permission Explanation
1. You understand and agree that some NetEase news services may require you to grant specific access permissions on your device to enable the collection and use of information related to these permissions. For example:
(1) After enabling network permissions, you can use the internet to browse NetEase news content;
(2) After you grant system notification permission, we can send you notifications and push notifications;
(3) After you enable location permission, you allow us to obtain your location information so that you can learn more about local information, nearby related information, and users, or help you display your location in your published updates. However, location permissions will only be activated in a specific scenario (headline, local business, nearby business, publishing dynamics - select location scenario) after you have authorized it separately. If you have not enabled authorization in any of the above scenarios, we will not collect your location information in that scenario;
(4) After you enable the album permission, you allow us to access your album and pictures so that you can download and save pictures to your phone album or upload pictures;
(5) After you enable camera permissions, you allow us to access your camera so that you can use scanning functions, take and upload photos or videos;
(6) After you enable storage permission, you allow us to download and save multiple images to the phone album (downloading a single image and uploading avatars do not require storage permission);
(7) After enabling the microphone and related voice permissions, you can synchronize the recording of voice content during video recording so that you can publish related content;
(8) After you enable calendar permission, you allow us to access your calendar so that we can remind you to participate more quickly when you schedule an event (this feature only requires your calendar write permission and does not obtain calendar read permission).
When you need to disable these feature permissions, most mobile devices will support your request. Please refer to or contact the service provider or manufacturer of your mobile device for specific methods. Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
2、 How do we use cookies or similar technologies
We or our partners may obtain and use your information through COOKIES or similar technologies, and store such information as log information.
By using COOKIES, we provide users with a simple and personalized online experience. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to benefit their users. For example, to make the login process of NetEase News faster, you can choose to store your username in a COOKIES folder. This way, it will be more convenient and efficient for you to log in to NetEase News' service next time. COOKIES can help us determine the pages and content you connect to, the time you spend on NetEase News, and the NetEase News service you choose.
COOKIES enable us to serve you better and faster, and make your experience on NetEase News more personalized. However, you should be able to control whether and how cookies are accepted by your browser. Please refer to the file attached to your browser for more information on this matter.
We and third-party partners may collect and use your information through cookies or similar technologies, and store such information.
We use our own cookies or similar technologies, which may be used for the following purposes:
1. Remember your identity. For example, cookies or similar technologies help us identify you as our registered user, or store information you provide us about your preferences or other information;
2. Analyze your usage of our services. We can use COOKIES or similar technologies to understand what activities you use NetEase News for, or which services are most popular;
3. Advertising optimization. COOKIES or similar technologies help us provide you with relevant advertisements based on your information, rather than conducting general advertising campaigns. NetEase News has programmatic ad display and cross platform ad recommendation, but you can choose to turn them off. After turning off, the number of ads will remain unchanged, but the relevance will decrease. At the same time, you can control whether to turn off or turn on OAID collection through "My Settings Privacy Permissions OAID Acquisition". After you close the OAID collection, we will no longer collect and process your OAID for the purpose of personalized advertising recommendations.
While using COOKIES or similar technologies for the above purposes, we may aggregate and provide non personally identifiable information collected through COOKIES or similar technologies to advertisers and other partners for analysis of how you and other users use NetEase News and for advertising services.
There may be COOKIES or similar technologies placed by advertisers and other partners on NetEase News. These cookies or similar technologies may collect non personally identifiable information related to you for the purpose of analyzing how users use such services, sending you advertisements that may interest you, or evaluating the effectiveness of advertising services. These third-party cookies or similar technologies that collect and use such information are not subject to this policy, but are subject to their own information protection statements, and we are not responsible for third-party cookies or similar technologies.
You can refuse or manage cookies or similar technologies through browser or user selection mechanisms. But please note that if you disable COOKIES or similar technologies, we may not be able to provide you with the best service experience, and some services may not function properly. Meanwhile, you will still receive advertisements, but their relevance to you will decrease
3、 Personal information that we may share, transfer or disclose
（1） Sharing
We attach great importance to protecting your personal information. We will not share your personal information with any third party outside of NetEase without your separate consent, except in the following circumstances:
1. The sharing necessary to implement our services/features. In some cases, we may need to share your information with third parties to enable the functionality of our products and/or services and enable you to use the services you need, including:
(1) Share corresponding transaction order information and payment amount information with third-party payment institutions that provide payment services;
(2) Share order information with logistics service providers;
(3) Share the necessary information for real name authentication with real name authentication service providers;
(4) Other necessary sharing with suppliers, service providers, and business partners related to our services/features;
2. Necessary sharing with some of our partners. In order to facilitate the smooth operation of necessary/reasonable business, meet your requirements, fulfill our obligations under relevant user agreements or this policy, and exercise our rights or comply with legal regulations, we may need to share your information with some partners, including:
(1) Share log information and device information (including device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, NetEase news package name, device settings, device identifiers: OAID/Android ID/IDFA/IDFV/Open UDID, device location related information: IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access points and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information) with partners who provide data services (including network advertising monitoring, data statistics, data analysis, etc.);
(2) Share statistical data on your product usage (such as crashes and crashes) with partners who provide product analysis services (including application crash analysis, network performance analysis, domain name resolution optimization);
(3) Share your relevant information with partners who provide marketing services (including advertising and marketing), including device information (including device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, NetEase news package name, device settings, device identifiers: OAID/Android ID/IDFA/IDFV/Open UDID, device location related information: IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access points and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information);
(4) How many people have viewed their promotional information or purchased products after seeing it, or how many people have been provided with unidentifiable information to our partners who entrust us with promotion
Calculate information to help them understand their audience or customers;
(5) Other necessary sharing with some of our partners;
Necessary sharing. In order for us to provide you with consistent services based on a unified account system, as well as to facilitate your unified management, personalized recommendations, system and account security, your personal information may be necessary shared between us and our affiliates, including:
(1) In order to help you save time and simplify the operation process, you do not need to register again to log in to NetEase News after registering our NetEase mobile account/email account. Your account related information will be shared as necessary within our and our affiliated products;
(2) In order to provide you with a consistent and personalized browsing, advertising, and other service experience in our and our affiliated products and/or services, you acknowledge and agree that your account information, device information (including device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, NetEase news package name, device settings, device identifiers: OAID/Android ID/IDFA/IDFV/Open UDID, device location related information: IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access point, base station sensor information that can provide relevant information), related browsing data, and other information reflecting your usage habits and preferences may be shared with our affiliated parties;
Other purposes mentioned in the section;
5. Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights under this policy or other agreements we have reached with you;
6. At your lawful request or with your authorized consent;
7. Provide your information at the lawful request of your guardian;
8. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle information in accordance with our instructions, this policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures
（2） Transfer
As our business continues to grow, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or similar transactions, and your information may be transferred as part of such transactions.
2. After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to third parties.
（3） Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and with industry standard security measures in place:
1. According to your needs, disclose the information you have specified in the disclosure method that you have explicitly agreed to;
We may disclose your information based on the type and disclosure method required by laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement, or judicial requirements. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of the aforementioned information, we will require the recipient to provide corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that the information requested from us should be kept as transparent as possible within the limits permitted by law. We have carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they have legal basis and are limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legitimate rights
（4） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or disclosing information
Article 1 of this policy
The third item mentioned in the section
According to legal provisions, sharing, transferring, and disclosing personal information that has undergone de identification processing, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot recover and re identify the information subject, does not constitute external sharing, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information. The storage and processing of such data will not require separate notification to you and your consent will be obtained
4、 How do we store and protect personal information
Storage of personal information
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities, we will only store your personal information for the shortest period of time necessary for the purposes stated in this policy.
The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within China
1. There are clear provisions in laws and regulations;
2. Obtain your authorization and consent;
3. If the NetEase news service you are using involves cross-border transactions, NetEase needs to provide your personal information to overseas parties.
In response to the above situation, we will ensure compliance with national laws and regulations and relevant regulatory authorities, and provide sufficient protection for your personal information.
Protection of Personal Information
We attach great importance to information security, have established a dedicated security team, and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information.
Data security technical measures
1. We will adopt security measures that comply with industry standards, including establishing reasonable institutional norms and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information, and to avoid data damage or loss. Our services adopt various encryption technologies. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to encrypt and store your personal information, and isolate it through isolation technology to protect your personal information. When using personal information, such as information display and information association calculation, we will use various data anonymization techniques to enhance the security of information during use. We will also adopt strict data access control and multi factor authentication technology to protect personal information and prevent data from being used in violation of regulations.
Other security measures we take to protect personal information
At present, NetEase News has passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection (Level 3), and our underlying cloud technology for storing your personal data has obtained the "Trusted Cloud" certification issued by the Data Center Alliance
We only allow NetEase employees and partners who need to know this information to access your personal information, and have established strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. If these obligations are not fulfilled, legal responsibility may be pursued or the cooperation relationship with NetEase News may be suspended.
4. The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and email, instant messaging, social software or other service software are used with other
The communication method of the account cannot be determined whether it is fully encrypted. We suggest that you use complex passwords when using such tools and pay attention to protecting your information security. When communicating with third parties or purchasing goods and services through NetEase News, it is inevitable for you to disclose your information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your information properly and only provide it to others when necessary.
5. The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of the personal information you send us. If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of personal information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
Security incident handling
To address the potential risks of personal information leakage, damage, and loss, we have established multiple systems that clarify the classification and grading standards for security incidents and vulnerabilities, as well as corresponding processing procedures. We have also established an emergency response team for security incidents, and in accordance with the requirements of security incident handling standards, we have activated security plans for different security incidents, conducted stop loss, analysis, positioning, formulated remedial measures, and collaborated with relevant departments to trace and crack down on them. We also regularly organize internal training and emergency drills to enable our relevant staff to master the corresponding emergency response strategies and procedures.
After an unfortunate information security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will also promptly inform you of the relevant information of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, and other means. If it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Please understand that due to technological limitations and risk prevention limitations, even if we have tried our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access NetEase News may experience issues due to situations beyond our control.
Please make sure to properly safeguard your account, password, and other identity elements. When you use NetEase News, we will identify your identity through your account, password, and other identity elements. Once you disclose the aforementioned information, you may suffer losses and may have adverse effects on you. If you find that your account, password, and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate measures in a timely manner to avoid or reduce related losses.
5、 How to manage your personal information
Access, update, and delete
We encourage you to update and modify your personal information to make it more accurate and effective.
If you want to query, modify or delete some of your information, please log in to NetEase News - My - Settings related function page. We provide you with relevant operation instructions and settings. For the information collected from you through COOKIES or similar technologies, we also explain the selection mechanism provided to you in the second section of this policy, "How We Use COOKIES or Similar Technologies".
You can also do it through
Please contact us to handle the feedback channels listed for you. We will use appropriate technical means or contact channels to enable you to access, update, and delete your personal information or other information provided when using NetEase News, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, when you correct or delete your personal information, we may not immediately correct or delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will correct or delete this information when the backup is updated.
Public and Sharing
If you disclose or share information through the above channels, resulting in the leakage of your information, we will not be held responsible. Therefore, we remind and ask you to carefully consider whether to disclose or share your information through the above channels.
Change the scope of your authorized consent
You can always choose whether to disclose personal information to us. Some personal information is necessary for using NetEase News, but the provision of most other information is up to you to decide. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, disabling device functions, or logging out of your account.
After you revoke your authorization, we are unable to continue providing you with the services corresponding to the revocation of authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
（4） Obtaining a copy of personal information
If you need a copy of your personal information, you can do so through
Please contact us through the listed feedback channels or obtain it through my Privacy Settings Personal Information Download. After verifying your identity, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information (including basic information, device information, if any) on our services, except as otherwise provided by law or this policy.
（5） In response to your above request
We will respond to your above request in accordance with the relevant requirements of laws and regulations. To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), and pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others.
6、 Third party services
NetEase News may access or link to social media or other services provided by third parties (including websites or other forms of services). include:
1. You can use the "Share" button to share certain content from NetEase News with third parties or to share certain content with NetEase News. Alternatively, you can use third-party services to log in to NetEase News. These features may collect your information (including your log information) and may be stored on your device
Install COOKIES to operate the above functions normally;
2. We provide you with links through advertising or other means of our services, allowing you to link to third-party services or websites;
3. Other situations of accessing third-party services.
To achieve the purpose of this policy statement, we may access SDKs or other similar applications provided by third-party service providers (such as in the form of embedded code, plugins, etc.) in order to provide better customer service and user experience.
At present, the third-party service providers we access mainly include the following types:
(1) Used for data statistical analysis
(2) Used for pushing relevant news and information
(3) Used to assist users in completing payments within the application
(4) Used to obtain your location information with your consent
(5) Used to facilitate your use of third-party accounts for logging in and sharing NetEase news content to third-party platforms
Some third-party SDKs or similar applications that we access may collect your personal information. If you use such services provided by third parties in our services, you agree to have them collect (some third-party services are directly collected by third parties) and process your information. We will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of collecting personal information through such third-party services, require them to take protective measures for your personal information, and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements. The situation of accessing third parties for different operating systems may vary. You can click
Understand the basic information of the third-party SDKs we mainly access, as well as their specific types, purposes, methods, and scope of collecting and processing personal information. You can also choose to go through
Contact us through the listed feedback channels and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
The above third-party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third parties. Your use of such third-party social media services or other services (including any information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third party's own terms of service and information protection statement (not this policy), and you need to carefully read their terms. This policy only applies to the personal information we collect and does not apply to any third-party services or information usage rules provided by third parties. If you find that these third-party social media or other services pose risks, we suggest that you terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests and contact us in a timely manner.
7、 Protection of Minors
Any minor participating in online activities should obtain the consent of their parents or other guardians (hereinafter referred to as "guardians") in advance.
If you are a minor under the age of fourteen, please notify your guardian to read and accept our agreement together
Before using NetEase News or submitting personal information, seek their consent and guidance
8、 Revision and Notification
In order to provide you with better service, we may modify the terms of this policy in a timely manner based on updates to our products or services and relevant legal requirements. Such modifications constitute a part of this policy. We will announce any changes made to this policy on this page. For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including website announcements, push notifications, pop-up prompts, or other means). The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main recipients of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure have undergone significant changes;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. There have been significant changes in the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security;
6. Other important or potentially serious situations that may affect your personal rights occur.
Any modifications we make will prioritize your satisfaction. We encourage you to review our privacy policy every time you use NetEase News.
9、 How to contact us
You can send an email to
. Or write to the following address: NetEase Phase II, No. 399 Wangshang Road, Binjiang District, Hangzhou City, Personal Information Protection Officer (recipient), postcode: 310052.
Generally, we will respond to your questions, opinions, or suggestions within 24 hours and process them within 15 working days after receiving your application and verifying your user identity. If you are not satisfied with our handling, you can also file a complaint or report to the department responsible for personal information protection.
