Koala Haigou Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 9, 2023
[Introduction]
Welcome to use our products and/or services! We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to us. We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and take corresponding security protection measures, committed to protecting the security and controllability of your personal information. Based on this, the Koala Haigou service provider (or referred to as "us") has formulated this "Koala Haigou Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"/"this privacy policy") to help you fully understand how we collect, use, share, store, and protect your personal information during your use of our products and/or services, as well as how you can manage your personal information, so that you can make appropriate choices better.
Bold underline
In addition to this policy, in specific scenarios, we will also inform you of the corresponding information collection purpose, scope, and usage methods through instant notifications (including pop ups, page prompts, etc.), function update instructions, etc. These instant notifications and function update instructions constitute a part of this policy and have the same legal effect as this policy. We will try our best to explain the professional vocabulary involved in this policy in concise and popular terms for your understanding. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through the contact information at the end of this policy.
You agree to the privacy policy, which means that you have understood the functions provided by the application and the necessary personal information required for the operation of the functions, and have given corresponding collection and use authorization. However, it does not mean that you have separately agreed to enable additional functions, process non essential personal information, and process sensitive personal information. We will seek your consent separately based on your actual usage situation.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 Scope of application
2、 Information Collection and Use
Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
4、 Your rights
5、 Storage of Information
6、 Policy updates
7、 Protection of Minors
8、 Contact Us
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
1、 Scope of application
This policy applies to the various products and/or services provided to you by Koala Haigou service providers through websites, clients, mini programs, and new forms that emerge with technological development. If there is a separate privacy policy in the products and/or services we provide to you (such as the "Kaola Haigou Overseas Station Privacy Policy"), then when you access, browse, log in or use Kaola Haigou Overseas Station (domain name Kaola. com. hk, including PC, Wap), clients, mini programs and other applications, or use the services provided by Kaola Haigou Overseas Station operator (referring to the provider of Kaola Haigou Overseas Station platform services, HQG, Limited, registered address: 26/F., Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong), the corresponding products and/or services shall be subject to the corresponding privacy policies.
Except for the information collection and use activities described in this policy, this policy does not apply to other services provided to you by Kaola Haigou sellers and other third parties. Other services are subject to the personal information collection and use rules that they have separately explained to you. For example, when you join and become a third-party user, the third party's use of user information is subject to the rules specifically explained to you.
2、 Information Collection and Use
When you use our products and/or services, the personal information we need or may need to collect and use includes the following two types:
1. To achieve the basic functions of providing our products and/or services to you and fulfill the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations, you must authorize us to collect and use necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or services normally;
2. To provide you with additional features of our products and/or services, you may choose to individually agree or disagree with the information we collect and use. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions normally or achieve the intended functional effects, which will not affect your use of our basic functions.
We would like to remind you that we are committed to creating a diverse range of products and/or services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and/or services we provide to you, and the differences in the specific product and/or service scope chosen by different users, the basic or additional functions and the corresponding types and scope of personal information collected and used may vary. Please refer to the specific product and/or service functions.
We will provide you with various specific functional scenarios, including:
（1） Help you become our member and manage your account
1. Basic Membership Services
We provide services based on your Koala Haigou account. To create a Koala Haigou account, you need to provide at least your phone number, intended username, and password. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to register for a Koala Haigou account and can only use browsing and search services.
To ensure that we are providing services to you personally, we may verify your identity based on the information you provide. If there is a situation where you need to determine your necessary identity according to law (including protecting the rights and interests of minors according to law, combating telecom network fraud, withholding taxes for you, administrative law enforcement or identification of relevant subjects in judicial proceedings), you authorize us to obtain the necessary authentication information of your corresponding Alipay account from Alipay for the above purposes.
We will determine your current user level based on the usage of your Koala Haigou account and the user level calculation rules set by the platform, and provide you with the basic rights corresponding to the corresponding user level.
2. Additional Membership Services
Special User Benefits: If you choose to provide your gender, nickname, or profile picture, we can offer you membership privileges. Among them, the nickname and avatar you set will be publicly displayed.
Authorized login: We may provide your account information (avatar, nickname, and other page prompts) to third parties with your separate consent, so that you can easily register for a third-party account or log in directly from a third party. In addition, we may obtain your individual consent from third parties based on your consent
Our third-party account information will be linked to your Koala Haigou account, allowing you to directly log in and use our products and/or services from the third party. We will use your relevant information within the scope of your separate consent authorization.
3. Identity verification
To meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements, ensure the authenticity of user identity, implement anti fraud risk control, and ensure system and service security, we need to collect your relevant information for identity verification when you use specific services/functions, such as:
Based on the implementation of special types of goods (such as purchasing cross-border goods, conducting real name authentication and customs clearance according to relevant national cross-border e-commerce laws, regulations and policies) or service transactions, applying for membership roles with additional identity authentication requirements (such as sellers, content creators), and other scenarios that require verification of users' real identities in accordance with the law (including protecting the rights and interests of minors, cracking down on telecommunications and network fraud, withholding and paying personal income tax, and identifying relevant parties in administrative law enforcement or judicial proceedings), you need to undergo real name or real person authentication. In order to achieve the purpose of authentication, you need to actively provide relevant real identity information (name, ID card and certificate information) and authorize us to verify the information through the national authoritative and trusted identity certification authority, or authorize us to obtain the necessary authentication information from Alipay that you bind to your Alipay account. We will record and save the authentication information and authentication results according to law. These information is only for the purpose of authentication, or other purposes specified by laws and regulations, and will not be used for other purposes without your express authorization. In addition, when you participate in promotional and interactive activities on the platform, we need to query Alipay's real name authentication status of your bound Alipay account to verify your basic participation conditions and ensure your activity experience.
（2） Help you use browsing, searching, and personalized recommendation functions
1. Browse
When you browse the Koala Haigou platform, you can choose to bookmark/subscribe/add/follow/share/like the products, stores, channels, content (images, short videos) and content creators that interest you. We will collect your operation records to achieve the aforementioned functions and other purposes that we have explicitly stated.
You can view and manage your operation record information through "My Koala" - "Favorites"/"Follow"/"Browse Footprints", etc.
2. Search
When you use the search function (including scanning, uploading photos), we will collect your search history, including search content (search terms, images, voice messages), browsing history/time, search time/frequency, and apply for microphone permission or camera/album permission according to the requirements of the function you are using.
In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored on your local device and display your search history.
Please understand that individual search term information cannot identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information. Therefore, we have the right to use it reasonably for other purposes.
3. Personalized recommendations
To showcase and recommend more relevant products, services, and/or content to you, and provide a personalized experience that better meets your needs, we will combine the browsing and search records we collect with device information, geographic location information, and other authorized information collected in accordance with the law for personalized recommendation services. At the same time, we will also provide you with information display and search results that are not specific to your personal characteristics.
You can manage personalized recommendation services through the following channels:
If you do not want to see the products or services we recommend to you on the homepage or on the payment completion page, you can long press the image of the recommended product or service and choose to block similar products or services in the category that they belong to in the pop-up window that appears.
If you want to manage the personalized content we push to you, you can set it up in "My Koala - Settings - System Permissions - Privacy Settings - Personalized Content Recommendations".
（3） Assist you in completing the transaction
1. Shopping cart
When you use the shopping cart function, we will collect your additional purchase information and order information to optimize your shopping experience (such as providing price/discount reminders, displaying frequently purchased products).
2. Ordering and Order Management
When you order specific goods and/or services in our products and/or services, we will generate an order for you to purchase the goods and/or services through the system. During the ordering process, you need to provide at least the recipient's name, shipping address, and contact phone number. For some special types of goods and services, you also need to provide other necessary information for the goods or services. According to the relevant national cross-border e-commerce laws, regulations and policies, when you purchase cross-border goods on the Kaola.com platform, you need to provide Kaola.com with your real name information (name, ID card number and/or photos of the front and back of the ID card) for real name authentication and commodity clearance. You know and agree to authorize us to use your identity information (name, ID card number) to query your annual personal quota of cross-border e-commerce, so as to minimize the losses caused to the Kaola shopping operators and/or you by exceeding the annual transaction limit of cross-border e-commerce retail import commodities when you purchase cross-border commodities. You can provide additional information, including other contact numbers and delivery times, to ensure accurate delivery of goods or services. If you need to issue an invoice, you also need to provide the invoice header, taxpayer identification number, and email address for receiving the invoice.
At the same time, the order will include information about the goods and/or services you purchased, the specific order number, the time the order was created, the amount you should pay, and your remarks. We collect this information to assist you in completing transactions smoothly, ensure the security of your transactions, facilitate your inquiry of order information, provide customer service and after-sales service, and other purposes that we have explicitly stated.
You can order goods and/or services for others through Koala Haigou. You need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual recipient and ensure that you have obtained their consent. Before providing the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser to Koala Haigou, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorized consent.
For your convenience in understanding, querying, and managing order information, we will collect order information generated during your use of our services for display and convenience
You manage the order.
You can view and manage your order information through "My Koala" - "My Orders".
3. Payment and delivery of goods or services
When you purchase goods or services, in order to assist you in completing or representing others in completing order payments and smoothly receiving the purchased goods or services, we or third parties providing services will collect your order information and delivery information. For specific content, please refer to "III. Partners involved in data use and transfer/disclosure of personal information - (1) Partners involved in data use -5. Cooperation scenarios -1) Implementation of business functions - A. Payment services/B. Logistics services" in this policy.
（4） Customer service and dispute resolution
When you contact us or apply for in sales, after-sales, or dispute resolution, in order to ensure the security of your account and system, we require you to provide necessary personal information to verify your membership status.
In order to facilitate contact with you, assist you in resolving issues as soon as possible, or record the solutions and results of related issues, we may keep records of your communication, correspondence/call records, and related content (including account information, order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you leave behind). If you make inquiries, complaints, or provide suggestions regarding specific orders, we will use your account information and order information.
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use your other information, including the relevant information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in surveys.
We will use deep learning technology to provide you with intelligent Q&A conversations, intelligent voice customer service, and perform de identification processing on your communication, communication/call records, and related content with us. If we cannot identify your identity, we will use it for training intelligent customer service algorithm models. During the period when you receive intelligent customer service, we will provide you with significant reminders. We will continuously improve the service quality of our intelligent customer service based on your usage records.
（5） Provide you with information publishing function
When you evaluate the products and/or services traded, we will collect and display your evaluation content (including your posted text, images, videos, etc.) and avatar in the store's "Product Evaluation" list. If you choose anonymous evaluation, your avatar will not be displayed to the public and the evaluation content will not be displayed on the public page.
When you comment on reviews and content posted by other users, your profile picture, nickname, and comment content will be publicly displayed.
（6） Interactive communication
1. Message notification
We may send you one or more types of notifications, such as service notifications, identity verification, security verification, and user experience research, through the contact information you provide during the use of our products and/or services (such as contact phone number, contact email). We may also display or pop up commercial information and other product or service information about services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive our commercial information and other product or service information, you can unsubscribe or close it through the unsubscribe methods provided in SMS, email, or by directly contacting our customer service.
In order to ensure that you can receive push content normally and avoid message omissions, we have used the functions of app self launch and associated launch of other apps. We will push platform notifications (such as transaction logistics, activity discounts, interactive messages, service notifications, etc.) to you through the client "Message". You can choose to turn on/off the notification permission for Kaola Haigou in your device "Settings".
In addition, when you initiate customer service inquiries or engage in transactions or interactions with the store (such as subscribing, joining the store as a member), you will receive customer service messages from the store in the "Message Center".
2. Activity participation
When you participate in our marketing activities, we may need to collect and use your relevant personal information (including but not limited to your nickname, avatar, contact information, shipping information, order information, browsing history, account level) to help you register for activities, draw prizes, redeem prizes, etc. We will inform you of the specific scope of collection and use in relevant scenarios and obtain your consent.
If the relevant activities are jointly organized by us or a third party, we will share necessary information with the third party after obtaining your separate consent, or bind your Kaola Haigou account with a third-party platform account, and/or synchronize your participation account, participation progress, and other information among multiple participating platforms to ensure that you receive consistent and complete services during the activities.
In addition, we may use your relevant information obtained through the activity for the development and improvement of products and/or services, comprehensive statistics, data analysis or processing, or other purposes with your consent.
（7） To provide you with security protection
In order to fulfill our legal obligations to ensure the security of e-commerce transactions, improve the security of your use of our services, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or Kaola Haigou related agreements and rules, we need to collect your device information, service log information, and may use or integrate your membership information, transaction information, device information, service log information, as well as information that our affiliated company Hangzhou Chengdun Information Technology Co., Ltd. has obtained your authorization or shared in accordance with the law (among which, we may collect MAC addresses IMEI and other device identifiers are used for risk verification to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, perform identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
（8） Provide you with additional services
1. Additional services based on system permissions
In order to provide you with more convenient, high-quality, and personalized products and/or services, and strive to enhance your experience, we may collect and use your personal information by enabling system permissions in the following additional services provided to you. If you do not agree to enable the relevant permissions, it will not affect your use of Koala Haigou's basic services, but you may not be able to obtain these
The user experience brought to you by additional services.
You can decide whether to grant or grant these permissions at any time.
Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor can we continue to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. Your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
You can click here to view the application permission application and usage instructions.
2. Cookies and similar technology services
Cookies and similar device information identification technology are widely used in the Internet. When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") to your device to collect, identify, and store information about your access to and use of this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies mainly to ensure the security and efficient operation of our products and/or services. They allow us to confirm the security status of your account and transactions, investigate related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays, and help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling out forms and entering search content.
At the same time, we may use cookies to display information or features that you may be interested in and optimize your advertising choices. Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You can perform corresponding data clearing operations, or modify the acceptance level of cookies or refuse our cookies. You may not be able to use services or corresponding functions that rely on cookies due to these modifications.
（9） Other rules for collecting and using personal information
If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing us with this personal information.
If we use the information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or use the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your consent in advance.
Under the premise of strict de identification through secure encryption technology and inability to re identify specific individuals, we will use the collected data for machine learning, algorithm model training, or other data analysis and mining processing to better ensure our product experience and assist in business decision analysis. You can click here to view our algorithm principles and data processing instructions.
For the personal information we collect and use in the specific functional scenarios mentioned above, you can log in to the Koala Haigou APP client and view it in "My Koala" - "Settings" - "Personal Information Collection List".
3、 Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
（1） Partners involved in the use of data
basic principle
When we cooperate with our partners, we will adhere to the following principles:
The principle of legality, legitimacy, and minimum necessity: Data processing should have a legal basis, a legitimate purpose, and be limited to the minimum scope of achieving the processing purpose.
The principle of maximizing users' right to know and decision-making: fully respect users' right to know and decision-making regarding the processing of their personal information during the data processing process.
The principle of strongest security guarantee capability: We will take necessary measures to ensure the security of the personal information processed, carefully evaluate the purpose of data use by our partners, comprehensively assess their security guarantee capabilities, and require them to comply with the relevant requirements of the cooperation agreement.
You can click here to view the explanation of Koala Haigou's data sharing situation.
Scope of cooperation partners
If the specific functions and scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates or third parties, the scope of cooperation includes our affiliates and third parties.
Entrusted processing
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal information in order to authorize partners to provide certain services or perform functions on our behalf for you. We will only entrust them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this policy statement. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties, and we will require them through an agreement not to use this information for any other purposes beyond the scope of the delegation. If the authorized partner uses your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
Joint processing
For the scenario of jointly processing personal information, we will sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal provisions and agree on their respective rights and obligations, ensuring compliance with legal provisions and protection of data security in the process of using relevant personal information.
Collaboration Scenario
To achieve business functions
Payment Services
In order to complete the order payment, you need to select the payment services provided by the third-party payment institutions (including Alipay, WeChat payment and the payment channels you use, hereinafter referred to as "payment institutions") that we cooperate with. We will share your Koala Overseas account user name, corresponding payment account user name, order payment related information, order security related equipment information and other necessary information required by anti money laundering laws with the payment institutions through the Alipay software tool development package embedded in the application (software tool development package is referred to as "SDK" in this privacy policy) and other security methods. If you choose to have other financial institutions (if any) provide payment services for you, your bank card number, expiration date, and other necessary information for bank card payments will be used by the corresponding financial institution you choose.
When you need to request someone else to make payment for you, you need to provide the payment account and/or phone number of the payment agent and other order payment related information.
In order to keep us informed and confirm your payment progress and status in a timely manner, and to provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, you agree that we may collect payment progress related information from payment institutions.
Logistics services
To ensure the smooth, safe, and accurate delivery of the goods and/or services you purchase, we will provide logistics information systems and technical services to our partner, Zhejiang Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd., as well as third-party customs clearance and delivery companies (including SF Express, EMS, YTO Express, Shentong, Zhongtong, Yunda, and Tiantiankuai) for Kaola Haigou
Disclosure of customs declaration and delivery information related to orders by delivery, JD Express, and other delivery service providers. You understand and agree that the customs declaration and logistics delivery entities inevitably obtain and use your customs declaration and delivery information for the purpose of completing delivery.
For the purpose of providing you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we need to be informed and confirm the delivery progress and status in a timely manner. You agree that we may collect and deliver progress related information from logistics related service providers.
Channel (Mini Program) Service
When you use the channel (mini program) service, we collect and use your channel login, browsing, usage, subscription/add/cancel and other operation records to provide you with more convenient, high-quality and personalized channel services and content. To facilitate your use of the products and/or services provided by our partners on Koala Haigou, our partners (usually channel developers) will use your personal information.
Advertising and Analytics Services
We will entrust our partners to handle information related to advertising placement, coverage, and effectiveness, while adopting industry standard security technologies. We will not entrust your personal identification information to our partners for processing.
Security and Statistical Analysis
A. Ensuring Security of Use: We attach great importance to the security of our products and/or services. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of Koala Haigou users from illegal infringement, our partners may use necessary equipment, accounts, and log information.
B. Analyzing product situation: In order to analyze the stability of Koala Haigou's products and/or services, the partner providing analysis services may need to use information such as service situation, device identification information, and overall application installation and usage.
C. Academic research: In order to enhance research capabilities in related fields and promote technological development, we may use de identified or anonymized data with our partners (such as research institutes, universities, etc.) while ensuring data security and legitimate purposes.
Other cooperation scenarios
In addition to the above-mentioned cooperation scenarios, we may also entrust information to other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing the usage of our services, providing merchant membership services, or other customer services on our behalf.
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our client, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and features, our application will embed SDK or other similar applications from authorized partners. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and SDKs used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with authorized partners on strict data protection measures to process personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Except for authorized partners who obtain your consent separately.
You can click here to view the details of the SDK we have integrated.
（2） Transfer
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. The recipient will continue to fulfill this policy and other legal obligations. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will obtain your consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. Based on your voluntary choice and other separate consent, we may publicly disclose your personal information;
2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated the relevant agreements and rules of Koala Haigou, or to protect the personal and property safety of Koala Haigou users or the public from infringement, we may disclose personal information about you, including related violations and measures taken by Koala Haigou against you.
（4） Stop operation
If we cease to operate our products and/or services, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information. We will notify you one by one or send you a notice in the form of an announcement to stop operating, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold related to the discontinued products and/or services.
（5） Exemption from obtaining your authorization and consent in accordance with the law
Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and national standards, the use of your personal information by our partners, or our transfer or disclosure, does not require your authorization and consent:
Necessary for entering into or fulfilling a contract based on your request: When you purchase goods or services through the Kaola Haigou platform, we will share the necessary information related to the transaction in your order information with the relevant providers of goods or services or the operators of the relevant service market on the Kaola Haigou platform according to your choice, in order to meet your trading, delivery, and after-sales service needs.
To fulfill legal duties or obligations, we may share your personal information as required by laws and regulations, litigation, dispute resolution, or as requested by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law, as well as other legal obligations. It is necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations.
To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to handle personal information within a reasonable range.
Process your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legally disclosed personal information through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels).
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
4、 Your rights
You can access and manage your information through the following methods, and we will respond to your request in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements:
（1） Review, Correction, and Supplement
You have the right to access, correct, and supplement your information through the following methods:
1. Log in to the Koala Haigou client and go to "My Koala - Settings - Personal Information";
2. Log in to Koala Haigou and choose to contact customer service, or click here to contact Koala Haigou customer service hotline or online customer service.
（2） Delete
You can delete some of your information through the path listed in "(1) Inquiry, Correction, and Supplement of Your Information", or apply to cancel your account and delete all of your information.
In the following situations, you can request to delete your personal information by contacting Koala Haigou customer service hotline or online customer service:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your consent
Clear agreement;
3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
4. If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
5. If we cease to provide products and/or services, or if the retention period has expired.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible and request them to delete it in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these subjects have independently obtained your authorization).
When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technology limitations, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and restrict any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
（3） Change the scope of authorization
You can change or revoke the scope of your authorization for us to collect and process your personal information through the following methods:
1. Manage and use system permission authorization in the "My Koala - Settings - System Permission Settings" section of the Koala Haigou APP client.
2. Manage authorization in the "My Koala - Settings - System Permissions - Privacy Settings" section of the Koala Haigou APP client.
For authorizations that cannot be directly set up through the above methods, you can modify them by contacting Koala Haigou customer service hotline or online customer service. However, please note that for some types of personal information, such as information necessary to achieve basic functions of Koala Haigou or information necessary for us to fulfill legal obligations, we may not be able to respond to your request to change the scope of authorization. After you withdraw your authorization, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization.
（4） Cancel account
You can apply to cancel your account through the following methods:
1. Log in to the Koala Haigou APP client, click on "Account Cancellation" through "My Koala - Settings - Account Security and Payment", enter the cancellation page to submit an account cancellation application, or seek manual customer service assistance through "My Koala - Help and Customer Service" to assist you in applying for cancellation of your account;
2. Log in to the Kaola Haigou PC website and select "Contact Customer Service", or log in to the Kaola Haigou APP client and select "My Kaola - Help and Customer Service" to seek manual customer service assistance to assist you in applying for account cancellation.
After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products and/or services, and delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws. If it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will anonymize it or cease processing other than storage and necessary security measures, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
（5） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through customer service.
（6） In response to your above request
For the above requests made to us by you or your potential guardians, close relatives, and other authorized parties, as well as your relevant personal information rights under the laws of the People's Republic of China and other applicable laws, you can contact us through Koala Haigou customer service hotline or online customer service, or directly file a complaint with our personal information protection department. We will respond within 15 days.
To ensure the security of your account and personal information, when you make the above request to us, we may first verify your identity (such as adding account verification, requesting you to provide a written request, or other reasonable means), and then process your request.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain fee at our discretion. We may refuse requests for information that is not directly related to your identity, information that is repeatedly applied for without reasonable reasons, or requests that require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are unrealistic.
5、 Storage of Information
（1） Storage period
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law, such as the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requiring the retention of product and service information and transaction information for a period of not less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction.
We determine the storage period of personal information mainly based on the following criteria:
1. To complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
3. Do you agree to a longer retention period;
4. Is there any other special agreement or legal regulation regarding the retention period.
After exceeding the retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws.
（2） Storage location and global transmission
In principle, personal information collected and generated within the territory of the People's Republic of China shall be stored within the territory in accordance with applicable laws.
We will only provide your personal information to overseas parties for the purpose necessary to fulfill our contract with you or for other legitimate processing reasons. For example, if you purchase cross-border e-commerce services provided to you by overseas sellers and other third-party partners through our or our affiliated platforms, in order to fulfill your cross-border transaction, cross-border logistics delivery, customs clearance, and after-sales service needs, we or our affiliated parties will transmit necessary information related to the transaction in your order information to the overseas sellers and other third-party partners.
Such overseas countries/regions may have different data protection laws, and may not even have relevant laws in place. In such cases, we will evaluate and make every effort to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with the requirements of Chinese law. For example, for cross-border transmission of waybill information, de identification processing, encrypted transmission, regular evaluation and audit of the recipient's security capabilities, and signing of data processing agreements/terms are adopted.
If we need to transmit your personal information overseas due to business needs, we will comply with laws and regulations
According to the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities, we will inform you of the name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information of the overseas recipient, and the ways and procedures for you to exercise relevant rights to the overseas recipient in the relevant service agreement or specific function page authorization agreement, and obtain your separate consent (if applicable). For specific overseas seller information, you can view the public announcement on the specific store page. Before providing your personal information overseas, we will take measures such as security assessment, personal information protection certification by professional institutions, or entering into contracts with overseas recipients in accordance with the standard contracts formulated by the national cyberspace administration to meet the legal conditions for providing personal information overseas.
（3） Storage Security
1. Data protection technology measures
We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect your information, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, when exchanging data between your browser and server, it is protected by SSL protocol encryption; We also provide HTTPS protocol secure browsing for the Koala Haigou website; We will use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. At present, our important information systems have passed the third level or above evaluation of network security protection.
2. Organizational measures for data protection management
We have established an industry-leading data security management system centered around data lifecycle, which enhances the security of the entire system from the dimensions of organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We have established a dedicated department for personal information protection and designated a person to be responsible for the protection of children's personal information. We continuously enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information through training courses and exams.
3. Response to Personal Information Security Incidents
If our physical, technical, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, and causing damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will promptly activate emergency plans and take reasonable and necessary measures to minimize the impact on you personally. If a personal information security incident occurs, we will also inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you through SMS, phone calls, push notifications, and other reasonable channels. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
4. Prevention of Account Security Risks
When using Koala Haigou service for online transactions, you inevitably have to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. In addition, you can also establish communication, exchange information or analyze content with third parties through our services. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust trading through other trading tools to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
If you are concerned about the leakage of your personal information, especially your account or password, please contact Koala Haigou customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures based on your application. (You can also file a complaint or report through our APP client "My Koala - Help and Customer Service - Security Center")
6、 Policy updates
To provide you with a better product and service experience, we continuously strive to improve our products, services, and technology. When new services and business processes change, we may update our privacy policy and remind you of the updated content through internal messages or other appropriate means, so that you can keep up with the latest version of this privacy policy in a timely manner. But without your explicit consent, we will not restrict the rights you are entitled to under this policy. We will post any changes made to this policy on a dedicated page.
For significant changes, we will provide more prominent notifications (including notifications through the Koala Haigou website or pop-up prompts) to inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with relevant legal requirements.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. The business model of the product has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, and the way in which personal information is used;
2. The subject change of privacy policy caused by business adjustments, transaction mergers and acquisitions, and the change of the original processing purpose and processing method of the new subject recipient;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. Significant changes have occurred in the user's personal information rights and their exercise methods;
5. When the contact information and complaint channels of the person in charge of personal information protection change;
6. When the personal information protection impact assessment report indicates that the product and/or service has a significant impact on individual rights and interests.
We will also archive the old version of this privacy policy on the dedicated page of Koala Haigou for your reference.
7、 Protection of Minors
We assume that you have the corresponding capacity for civil conduct in e-commerce activities. If you are a minor, we request that you ask your parents or other guardians to carefully read this privacy policy and use our services or provide information to us with their consent.
If you are a child under the age of 14, before using our services, you and your guardian should carefully read our specially formulated "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" to ensure that you can only use our services under the guidance of your guardian after obtaining their consent to the "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules", and ensure your safety when using our services and conducting transactions.
If you are the parent or other guardian of a child, please pay attention to whether the child under your guardianship is using our products and/or services after obtaining your authorized consent. If you have any questions about the personal information of the child you are monitoring, please contact our dedicated department for personal information protection.
8、 Contact Us
you
You can contact us through the following methods and we will reply to your request within 15 days:
1. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through Koala Haigou customer service hotline or online customer service;
2. We have also established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which you can access through shujuhegui@service.alibaba.com Contact them, office address: Legal Service Desk, 1st Floor, Building 4, 969 Wenyi West Road, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City. Please note that we may not respond to questions unrelated to this policy or your personal information rights.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing an arbitration with the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission.
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
We will provide you with the products and
Or if there is a separate privacy policy in the service (such as《
》）, then you can access, browse, log in or use the Koala Haigou overseas website (domain name:
）Client, mini program, and other applications, or the operator of Koala Haigou Overseas Station (referring to the provider of Koala Haigou Overseas Station platform services, i.e
Company Registered Address
）When providing various services, corresponding products and
Or the corresponding privacy policy applies to the service.
Other services are subject to the personal information collection and usage rules that they have separately explained to you.
When you use our products and/or services, the personal information we need or may need to collect and use includes the following two types:
And fulfill the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations,
If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products normally
If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions normally or achieve the intended functional effects, which will not affect your use of our basic functions.
Due to the products we provide to you and
Or the service function shall prevail.
We will provide you with various specific functional scenarios, including:
Basic membership services
Mobile phone number, intended username and password
You authorize us
You can obtain the necessary authentication information of your corresponding Alipay account from Alipay for the above purposes
We will determine your current user level based on the usage of your Koala Haigou account and the user level calculation rules set by the platform, and provide you with the basic rights corresponding to the corresponding user level.
Additional membership services
Among them, the nickname and avatar you set will be publicly displayed.
Authorized login: We may provide your account information (avatar, nickname, and other page prompts) to third parties with your separate consent, so that you can easily register for a third-party account or log in directly from a third party. In addition, we may obtain your third-party account information from third parties with your separate consent and bind it to your Koala Haigou account, allowing you to log in and use our products and/or services directly from the third party. We will use your relevant information within the scope of your separate consent authorization.
Identity verification
To meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements, ensure the authenticity of user identity, implement anti fraud risk control, and ensure system and service security, we need to collect your relevant information for identity verification when you use specific services/functions, such as:
Real person authentication
When you browse the Koala Haigou platform, you can choose to bookmark/subscribe/add/follow/share/like the products, stores, channels, content (images, short videos) and content creators that interest you. We will collect your operation records to achieve the aforementioned functions and other purposes that we have explicitly stated.
You can view and manage your operation record information through "My Koala" - "Favorites"/"Follow"/"Browse Footprints", etc.
When you use the search function (including scanning, uploading photos), we will collect your search history, including search content (search terms, images, voice messages), browsing history/time, search time/frequency, and apply for microphone permission or camera/album permission according to the requirements of the function you are using.
In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored on your local device and display your search history.
Please understand that individual search term information cannot identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information. Therefore, we have the right to use it reasonably for other purposes.
3. Personalized recommendations
To showcase and recommend more relevant products, services, and/or content to you, and provide a personalized experience that better meets your needs, we will combine the browsing and search records we collect with device information, geographic location information, and other authorized information collected in accordance with the law for personalized recommendation services. At the same time, we will also provide you with information display and search results that are not specific to your personal characteristics.
You can manage personalized recommendation services through the following channels:
If you do not want to see the products or services we recommend to you on the homepage or on the payment completion page, you can long press the image of the recommended product or service and choose to block similar products or services in the category that they belong to in the pop-up window that appears.
If you want to manage the personalized content we push to you, you can set it up in "My Koala - Settings - System Permissions - Privacy Settings - Personalized Content Recommendations".
1. Shopping cart
When you use the shopping cart function, we will collect your additional purchase information and order information to optimize your shopping experience (such as providing price/discount reminders, displaying frequently purchased products).
Ordering and Order Management
According to relevant national laws, regulations and policies on cross-border e-commerce, when you purchase cross-border goods on the Kaola.com platform, you need to provide Kaola.com with your real name information (name, ID card number and
Or the losses caused by you.
At the same time, the order will include information about the goods and/or services you purchased, the specific order number, the time the order was created, the amount you should pay, and your remarks. We collect this information to assist you in completing the transaction smoothly, ensure the safety of your transaction, facilitate your order information inquiry, provide customer service and after-sales service, and other services that we explicitly state
The purpose of knowledge.
Before providing the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser to Koala Haigou, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorized consent.
For your convenience in understanding, querying, and managing order information, we will collect the order information generated during your use of our services to display to you and facilitate your order management.
You can view and manage your order information through "My Koala" - "My Orders".
Payment and delivery of goods or services
When you purchase goods or services, in order to assist you in completing or representing others in completing order payments and smoothly receiving the purchased goods or services, we or third parties providing services will collect your order information and delivery information. For specific content, please refer to "III. Partners involved in data use and transfer/disclosure of personal information - (1) Partners involved in data use -5. Cooperation scenarios -1) Implementation of business functions - A. Payment services/B. Logistics services" in this policy.
We need you to provide necessary personal information to verify your membership status.
In order to facilitate contact with you, assist you in resolving issues as soon as possible, or record the solutions and results of related issues, we may keep records of your communication, correspondence/call records, and related content (including account information, order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you leave behind). If you make inquiries, complaints, or provide suggestions regarding specific orders, we will use your account information and order information.
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use your other information, including the relevant information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in surveys.
We will use deep learning technology to provide you with intelligent Q&A conversations, intelligent voice customer service, and perform de identification processing on your communication, communication/call records, and related content with us. If we cannot identify your identity, we will use it for training intelligent customer service algorithm models. During the period when you receive intelligent customer service, we will provide you with significant reminders. We will continuously improve the service quality of our intelligent customer service based on your usage records.
[Evaluation, Comment]
When you comment on reviews and content posted by other users, your profile picture, nickname, and comment content will be publicly displayed.
1. Message notification
We may send you one or more types of notifications, such as service notifications, identity verification, security verification, and user experience research, through the contact information you provide during the use of our products and/or services (such as contact phone number, contact email). We may also display or pop up commercial information and other product or service information about services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive our commercial information and other product or service information, you can unsubscribe or close it through the unsubscribe methods provided in SMS, email, or by directly contacting our customer service.
In order to ensure that you can receive push content normally and avoid message omissions, we have used the functions of app self launch and associated launch of other apps. We will push platform notifications (such as transaction logistics, activity discounts, interactive messages, service notifications, etc.) to you through the client "Message". You can choose to turn on/off the notification permission for Kaola Haigou in your device "Settings".
In addition, when you initiate customer service inquiries or engage in transactions or interactions with the store (such as subscribing, joining the store as a member), you will receive customer service messages from the store in the "Message Center".
2. Activity participation
When you participate in our marketing activities, we may need to collect and use your relevant personal information (including but not limited to your nickname, avatar, contact information, shipping information, order information, browsing history, account level) to help you register for activities, draw prizes, redeem prizes, etc. We will inform you of the specific scope of collection and use in relevant scenarios and obtain your consent.
If the relevant activities are jointly organized by us or a third party, we will share necessary information with the third party after obtaining your separate consent, or bind your Kaola Haigou account with a third-party platform account, and/or synchronize your participation account, participation progress, and other information among multiple participating platforms to ensure that you receive consistent and complete services during the activities.
In addition, we may use your relevant information obtained through the activity for the development and improvement of products and/or services, comprehensive statistics, data analysis or processing, or other purposes with your consent.
In order to fulfill our legal obligations to ensure the security of e-commerce transactions, improve the security of your use of our services, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or Kaola Haigou related agreements and rules, we need to collect your device information, service log information, and may use or integrate your membership information, transaction information, device information, service log information, as well as information that our affiliated company Hangzhou Chengdun Information Technology Co., Ltd. has obtained your authorization or shared in accordance with the law (among which, we may collect MAC addresses IMEI and other device identifiers are used for risk verification to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, perform identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
1. Additional services based on system permissions
You can decide whether to grant or grant these permissions at any time.
Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor can we continue to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. Your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
View the application permission application and usage instructions.
Services with similar technologies
Meanwhile, I
We may use cookies to display information or features that you may be interested in and optimize your advertising choices. Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You can perform corresponding data clearing operations, or modify the acceptance level of cookies or refuse our cookies. You may not be able to use services or corresponding functions that rely on cookies due to these modifications.
Other rules for collecting and using personal information
If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing us with this personal information.
If we use the information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or use the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your consent in advance.
Under the premise of strict de identification through secure encryption technology and inability to re identify specific individuals, we will use the collected data for machine learning, algorithm model training, or other data analysis and mining processing to better ensure our product experience and assist in business decision analysis. You can
On the client side, go to "My Koala" - "Settings" - "Personal Information Collection Checklist" to view.
When we cooperate with our partners, we will adhere to the following principles:
Principle of legality, legitimacy, and minimum necessity:
The principle of maximizing users' right to know and decision-making power:
The principle of strongest security guarantee capability:
Check the data sharing situation of Kaola Haigou.
Scope of cooperation partners
If the specific functions and scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates or third parties, the scope of cooperation includes our affiliates and third parties.
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal information in order to authorize partners to provide certain services or perform functions on our behalf for you. We will only entrust them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this policy statement. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties, and we will require them through an agreement not to use this information for any other purposes beyond the scope of the delegation. If the authorized partner uses your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
For the scenario of jointly processing personal information, we will sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal provisions and agree on their respective rights and obligations, ensuring compliance with legal provisions and protection of data security in the process of using relevant personal information.
To achieve business functions
And the payment channel you are using
We will use your Kaola.com account user name, corresponding payment account user name, order payment related information, order security related equipment information and other necessary information required by anti money laundering laws through the Alipay software tool development package embedded in the application (software tool development package is referred to as
When you need to request someone else to make payment for you, you need to provide the payment account and/or phone number of the payment agent and other order payment related information.
In order to keep us informed and confirm your payment progress and status in a timely manner, and to provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, you agree that we may collect payment progress related information from payment institutions.
Order related customs declaration and delivery information
For the purpose of providing you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we need to be informed and confirm the delivery progress and status in a timely manner. You agree that we may collect and deliver progress related information from logistics related service providers.
Channel (Mini Program) Service
When you use the channel (mini program) service, we collect and use your channel login, browsing, usage, subscription/add/cancel and other operation records to provide you with more convenient, high-quality and personalized channel services and content. To facilitate your use of the products and/or services provided by our partners on Koala Haigou, our partners (usually channel developers) will use your personal information.
Advertising and Analytics Services
We will entrust our partners to handle information related to advertising placement, coverage, and effectiveness, while adopting industry standard security technologies. We will not entrust your personal identification information to our partners for processing.
Security and Statistical Analysis
Ensure safe use:
Analyze the product situation:
Academic research:
Other cooperation scenarios
In addition to the above-mentioned cooperation scenarios, we may also entrust information to other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing the usage of our services, providing merchant membership services, or other customer services on our behalf.
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our client, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and features, our application will embed SDK or other similar applications from authorized partners. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and SDKs used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with authorized partners on strict data protection measures to process personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Except for authorized partners who obtain your consent separately.
View what we have connected to
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. The recipient will continue to fulfill this policy and other legal obligations. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will obtain your consent again.
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. Based on your voluntary choice and other separate consent, we may publicly disclose your personal information;
2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated the relevant agreements and rules of Koala Haigou, or to protect the personal and property safety of Koala Haigou users or the public from infringement, we may disclose personal information about you, including related violations and measures taken by Koala Haigou against you.
If we cease to operate our products and/or services, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information. We will notify you one by one or send you a notice in the form of an announcement to stop operating, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold related to the discontinued products and/or services
.
Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and national standards, the use of your personal information by our partners, or our transfer or disclosure, does not require your authorization and consent:
Necessary for entering into or fulfilling a contract based on your request: When you purchase goods or services through the Kaola Haigou platform, we will share the necessary information related to the transaction in your order information with the relevant providers of goods or services or the operators of the relevant service market on the Kaola Haigou platform according to your choice, in order to meet your trading, delivery, and after-sales service needs.
To fulfill legal duties or obligations, we may share your personal information as required by laws and regulations, litigation, dispute resolution, or as requested by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law, as well as other legal obligations. It is necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations.
To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to handle personal information within a reasonable range.
Process your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legally disclosed personal information through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels).
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
We will respond to your request in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements:
You have the right to access, correct, and supplement your information through the following methods:
1. Log in to the Koala Haigou client and go to "My Koala - Settings - Personal Information";
You can delete some of your information through the path listed in "(1) Inquiry, Correction, and Supplement of Your Information", or apply to cancel your account and delete all of your information.
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent;
3. If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
4. If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
5. If we cease to provide products and/or services, or if the retention period has expired.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible and request them to delete it in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these subjects have independently obtained your authorization).
When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technology limitations, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and restrict any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
You can change or revoke the scope of your authorization for us to collect and process your personal information through the following methods:
1. Manage and use system permission authorization in the "My Koala - Settings - System Permission Settings" section of the Koala Haigou APP client.
2. Manage authorization in the "My Koala - Settings - System Permissions - Privacy Settings" section of the Koala Haigou APP client.
You can apply to cancel your account through the following methods:
, enter the logout page
2. Log in to the Kaola Haigou PC website and select "Contact Customer Service", or log in to the Kaola Haigou APP client and select "My Kaola - Help and Customer Service" to seek manual customer service assistance to assist you in applying for account cancellation.
After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products and/or services, and delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws. If it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will anonymize it or cease processing other than storage and necessary security measures, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through customer service.
To ensure the security of your account and personal information, when you make the above request to us, we may first verify your identity (such as adding account verification, requesting you to provide a written request, or other reasonable means), and then process your request.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain fee at our discretion. We may refuse requests for information that is not directly related to your identity, information that is repeatedly applied for without reasonable reasons, or requests that require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are unrealistic.
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law, such as the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requiring the retention of product and service information and transaction information for a period of not less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction.
We determine the storage period of personal information mainly based on the following criteria:
After exceeding the retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws.
In principle, personal information collected and generated within the territory of the People's Republic of China shall be stored within the territory in accordance with applicable laws.
We will only provide your personal information to overseas parties for the purpose necessary to fulfill our contract with you or for other legitimate processing reasons. For example, if you purchase cross-border e-commerce services provided to you by overseas sellers and other third-party partners through our or our affiliated platforms, in order to fulfill your cross-border transaction, cross-border logistics delivery, customs clearance, and after-sales service needs, we or our affiliated parties will transmit necessary information related to the transaction in your order information to the overseas sellers and other third-party partners.
If we need to transmit your personal information overseas due to business needs, we will comply with laws, regulations, and the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities. In the relevant service agreement or specific function page authorization agreement, we will inform you of the name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information of the overseas recipient, as well as the ways and procedures for you to exercise relevant rights to the overseas recipient, and take appropriate measures
Obtain your separate consent (if applicable). For specific overseas seller information, you can view the public announcement on the specific store page. Before providing your personal information overseas, we will take measures such as security assessment, personal information protection certification by professional institutions, or entering into contracts with overseas recipients in accordance with the standard contracts formulated by the national cyberspace administration to meet the legal conditions for providing personal information overseas.
Data protection technology measures
We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect your information, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, when exchanging data between your browser and server, it is protected by SSL protocol encryption; We also provide HTTPS protocol secure browsing for the Koala Haigou website; We will use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. At present, our important information systems have passed the third level or above evaluation of network security protection.
Organizational measures for data protection management
We have established an industry-leading data security management system centered around data lifecycle, which enhances the security of the entire system from the dimensions of organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We have established a dedicated department for personal information protection and designated a person to be responsible for the protection of children's personal information. We continuously enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information through training courses and exams.
Response to Personal Information Security Incidents
If our physical, technical, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, and causing damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will promptly activate emergency plans and take reasonable and necessary measures to minimize the impact on you personally. If a personal information security incident occurs, we will also inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you through SMS, phone calls, push notifications, and other reasonable channels. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Prevention of Account Security Risks
When using Koala Haigou service for online transactions, you inevitably have to disclose your personal information, such as contact information or address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. In addition, you can also establish communication, exchange information or analyze content with third parties through our services. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust trading through other trading tools to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
For significant changes, we will provide more prominent notifications (including notifications through the Koala Haigou website or pop-up prompts) to inform you again and obtain your consent in accordance with relevant legal requirements.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. The business model of the product has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, and the way in which personal information is used;
2. The subject change of privacy policy caused by business adjustments, transaction mergers and acquisitions, and the change of the original processing purpose and processing method of the new subject recipient;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. Significant changes have occurred in the user's personal information rights and their exercise methods;
5. When the contact information and complaint channels of the person in charge of personal information protection change;
6. When the personal information protection impact assessment report indicates that the product and/or service has a significant impact on individual rights and interests.
Archive for your reference.
We assume that you have the corresponding capacity for civil conduct in e-commerce activities. If you are a minor, we request that you ask your parents or other guardians to carefully read this privacy policy and use our services or provide information to us with their consent.
You can contact us through the following methods, and we will reply to your request within 15 days:
2. We have also established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which you can access through shujuhegui@service.alibaba.com Contact them, office address: Legal Service Desk, 1st Floor, Building 4, 969 Wenyi West Road, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City. Please note that we may not respond to questions unrelated to this policy or your personal information rights.
You can also seek a solution by filing an arbitration with the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission.
Kaola Haigou: refers to the Kaola Haigou website (domain name Kaola.com, including PC, Wap), client, mini program, and other applications.
Koala Sea Purchase Service Provider:
Alipay
personal information:
Sensitive personal information:
Children: Refers to minors under the age of fourteen.
Equipment information:
Service log information:
De identification:
Anonymization: refers to the process in which personal information cannot be identified as a specific natural person and cannot be restored after processing.
Unless otherwise agreed, the definitions used in this policy have the same meaning as those in the Koala Sea Purchase Service Agreement.
Follow us
Report Mailbox: heguijubao@list.alibaba-inc.com
Illegal and harmful information reporting hotline: 9510286 (Monday to Sunday 09:00-24:00)
Koala protection
Beginner's Guide
after-sale service
Logistics delivery
Merchant Services
About Us
Scan and download the mobile version
Sign in daily to win Koala beans
Shopping cart 0
Scan the code to download the Koala Haigou APP
Receive a 1000 yuan newcomer gift package
Your red envelope
Scan the code to use the red envelope on the APP
TOP
