Tencent Document Privacy Protection Guidelines
Update Date: May 22, 2024
Effective Date: May 22, 2024
To fully protect your rights, we have updated the "Tencent Document Privacy Protection Guidelines". This version of the update mainly focuses on:
In the "Information We Collect" section of Chapter 1, information disclosure regarding the collection of corresponding functions for intelligent assistants and Tencent Library services has been added.
outline
Tencent Document is an online document product developed and operated by Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "us" or "Tencent"). We will help you understand how Tencent Docs collects, uses, and stores your personal information and what rights you have through the "Tencent Docs Privacy Protection Guidelines" (hereinafter referred to as the "Guidelines"). The key points are as follows:
We collect your information for specific purposes, such as obtaining your explicit consent to collect your storage space, camera, microphone permissions, in order to provide you with online document editing and other functions;
Our third-party partners will use third-party SDKs to collect and use your personal information. For specific information on third-party information sharing, please refer to the "Tencent Document Third Party Information Sharing List" (including the "Third Party SDK Catalog"). In addition, Tencent Docs will not actively share or transfer your personal information to third parties outside of Tencent. When there are other situations where your personal information is shared or transferred, or when you need us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party outside Tencent, we will directly or confirm that the third party has obtained your separate consent for the above actions. In addition, we will conduct risk assessments on the behavior of providing information to external parties.
You can access and correct your personal information on the personal center page;
We will use industry-leading security technology to protect your personal information.
You can learn more detailed personal information processing rules, such as the correspondence between personal information types and purposes, by reading the complete version of Tencent Document Privacy Protection Guidelines.
Special Reminder:
Before using Tencent Document Services, please read this guide carefully. We will show you one by one how we process, manage, and protect the personal information we collect during your use of Tencent Document Services. The terms and sensitive personal information in this guide that have a significant impact on your rights have been highlighted in bold font to remind you. Please read them carefully. If you click or check "Agree" on this guide and confirm submission, it will be deemed that you agree to this guide and agree that we will collect, use, store, and share your personal information in accordance with this guide.
1. The information we collect
During your use of Tencent Docs services, we will collect information that you voluntarily provide or generate as a result of using the services in the following manner, in order to provide you with services, optimize our services, and ensure the security of your account:
1.1. When you use QQ, WeChat, or Enterprise WeChat to authorize login to Tencent Document Software, we will collect your unique identification, avatar, and nickname information for QQ, WeChat, or Enterprise WeChat with your explicit consent, in order to save your login information and enable you to synchronize your data when logging in using different devices.
1.2. When you use the feedback function, in order to respond to the issues you have reported, we need you to actively fill in your QQ number, WeChat account, or mobile phone number. Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from fully using the relevant functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Tencent Docs.
1.3. When you set a secondary password for your Tencent Document account, to ensure the security of your account, we need to collect your phone number and bind it for you to retrieve the password; Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from fully using the relevant functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Tencent Docs.
1.4. When you initiate sharing or collaboration with QQ/TIM friends using Tencent Docs, we will collect your QQ/TIM friend list with your explicit consent; Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from fully using the relevant functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Tencent Docs.
1.5. When you use the template mall or Tencent Library function, we will collect your browsing and search history, as well as information such as document titles that you have browsed, bookmarked, edited, shared, or created, in order to provide you with more accurate and personalized templates and content recommendations; At the same time, if you cannot find the template you need, we will invite you to share your industry, occupation, QQ number and other information. The purpose is to supplement the document templates required for the corresponding industry and occupation based on the information you actively provide in the template mall. Of course, you have the right to choose not to provide feedback on the above personal information, which will not affect your normal use of any functions.
1.6. When you use Tencent Docs' bookmarking function to store various documents, the records of your bookmarking will be stored on our servers, so that you can quickly view such documents when logging in to Tencent Docs on other devices.
1.7. When you use Tencent Document Services, in order to ensure your normal use of our services, we need to obtain service log information and report and track device information for error messages to solve problems. We will collect your device model, operating system, unique device identifier (such as UID IDFV、IMEI、Android ID、IMSI、ICCID）、 Device SN, software installation list, login IP address, software version number, network access method, type and status, network quality data, operation logs, service log information (such as your usage records, service failure information, etc.) and other log information are the basic information that must be collected to provide services.
1.8. When you use Tencent Docs' local file viewing preview, select local file import documents, and export online documents as local files, in order to provide you with this service, we will access your storage permissions and collect your multimedia files with your explicit consent. This information is sensitive information, and refusing to provide it will only prevent you from using the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Tencent Docs. In addition, you can also turn off related settings in your phone at any time
jurisdiction.
1.9. When you use Tencent Docs to create, edit documents, tables, presentations (collectively referred to as "online documents"), the documents and document information you create (including document type, size, document permissions, storage location, etc.) will be saved to our server, and any records of your participation in editing will also be saved.
1.10. When you fill out the collection form initiated by Tencent Docs users, the initiating user ("Initiator") has the right to determine the form, content, and scope of the collection form. The Initiator has the right to use and own the form titles and related analysis results created by them. Tencent Docs only serves as a technical provider, providing technical services such as data browsing and storage to the Initiator, and will not use any information submitted by you in any way without your permission. You (as the person who fills in the form) should decide whether you agree to fill in the form and whether you agree to submit your personal information (especially sensitive personal information, such as name, ID card number, mobile phone number, etc.) to the party who issued the form.
1.11. When you use Tencent Document's voice input function, in order to provide you with this service, we will access your microphone permissions with your explicit consent. You can also turn off relevant permissions at any time in your phone settings.
1.12. When you use Tencent Document's intelligent scanning, OCR text extraction capabilities, note uploading, inserting images through photography, and other functions, in order to provide you with this service, we will access your camera permissions with your explicit consent. When you use the camera function, we will call on the device's sensors (acceleration, lighting) to recognize and determine the lighting environment in which your device is located, and adjust the brightness of the image based on the light intensity; We will call on the device's sensor (gyroscope) to recognize and determine the rotation angle of your device, so that when taking landscape shots, the captured images can be automatically straightened. Please understand that individual device sensor data does not involve any personal location information and cannot be combined with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person. You can also turn off relevant permissions at any time in your phone settings.
1.13. When you use the Tencent Document Resume Assistant feature to create or import your resume, in order to help companies with recruitment needs understand your information more quickly, the feature will suggest that you fill in personal information (including but not limited to name, gender, date of birth, political affiliation, ethnicity, marital status, contact information, education information, past work and employment information, personal photo, height, weight, personal introduction link, honors and awards, training experience, self-evaluation, skills certificate). If you refuse to provide the above information, you only need to leave it blank. The Resume Assistant will only generate a resume based on the information you fill in, and will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Tencent Document.
1.14. When you use Tencent Docs to insert your current location content, collect clock in settings, voice shorthand, and other functions that require location information, in order to provide you with this service, we will collect your device model, GPS, nearby WiFi, CellID, BSSID, SSID, and other accurate and rough geographic location information with your explicit consent, and transmit the encrypted information through HTTPS scheme. Accurate geographic location information is sensitive information. Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from fully using the relevant functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Tencent Docs. When you use the voice shorthand function, in order to provide you with better service, we will access your positioning permission with your explicit consent. We will call on the device's sensors (gravity, gyroscope, acceleration) to assist in positioning and ensure the derivation of predicted positioning points in case of positioning loss.
1.15. When you purchase our products and/or services, including opening/renewing Tencent Document membership, purchasing paid templates, etc., in order to assist you in completing transactions smoothly, querying order information, providing customer service to you, and ensuring your transaction security, we need to collect your purchase service type, transaction amount, purchase time, payment method, and other information based on the type of goods or services; If you set up a payment expiration reminder function, we need to collect your mobile phone number for sending payment service expiration reminders; If your Tencent Document membership has expired and you have used personalized fonts, document modes, and document decorations in your online files, we need to collect your service period information to remind you and/or other collaborators in the file. If you do not extend the above value-added services, you and other collaborators in your file will no longer be able to continue using the relevant value-added service content. If you choose to recharge with a QQ card, you will need to log in using the QQ number (or the phone number or email associated with that QQ number) that you need to recharge; In order to verify your QQ card account password, we will collect your QQ card account and QQ card password; In order to demonstrate your membership status, we will display your login information and various privileges of the member to other users. You can turn off relevant permissions at any time in the settings.  
1.16. When you use the personal account authentication service, including the authentication of Tencent document account as the official account of the organization and personal real name authentication, in order to provide you with this service, we need to collect your Tencent document account UID, WeChat official account developer ID (APPID), and the original ID of the associated official account, so as to verify and confirm your identity for authentication; Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from fully using the relevant functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Tencent Docs.
1.17. When you need to file an infringement complaint against the content in Tencent Documents, in order to verify your identity and confirm the ownership of the content, we need you to submit:
1) Based on your identity as the rights holder or the agent authorized by the rights holder, the basic identity information that needs to be submitted is:
① The name (title), contact information, business license (unit), ID card (individual), address, relevant authorization certificates and other materials proving the subject qualification of the rights holder;
② If the rights holder entrusts someone else to file a complaint on their behalf, they also need to provide a power of attorney, as well as the name, contact information, business license (unit), and ID card of the agent
Materials that prove the qualifications of the agent, including the person, address, and relevant proof of the agent's position and identity (such as a company authorization letter, introduction letter, etc.).
2) Based on the suspected infringing content you have discovered, you need to upload the link address of the infringing content and other proof of rights materials:
① When the type of infringement of rights is intellectual property, the proof of rights materials include:
The ownership proof materials of the rights held by the rights holder, including but not limited to copyright certificates, trademark certificates, patent certificates issued by relevant authorities, proof materials of the first public release or issuance date of the work, creative manuscripts, timestamps of the work created by authoritative institutions, work filing certificates, and other valid ownership certificates that can prove the rights held by the rights holder.
② When the type of infringement of rights is reputation, portrait, privacy, goodwill or other rights, the proof of rights materials include: complaint description and proof of rights materials.
1.18. In order to facilitate your sharing of copied content or opening sharing links from others, we need to access your clipboard, read the links and content contained therein, and ensure the implementation of sharing and other functions. It should be noted that in order to determine whether there is any document link or other information, we will call your clipboard function when you start Tencent Documents or switch from the backend to the frontend. If there is any document link or other information, we will collect it on the server for one-time parsing and verification, and provide you with the required sharing content. We will not store any information about your clipboard.
1.19. In order to better provide you with document format conversion and related services (including but not limited to PDF to Word, PDF to Excel, PDF to PPT, PDF translation, PDF splitting, PDF merging, PDF extraction, OCR privileges, image generation, intelligent sorting, etc.), Tencent Documents needs to upload your document content to Tencent's servers for data processing in order to perform document format conversion and related services. However, Tencent will not save your document content, only for data processing purposes; If you do not agree to Tencent Docs uploading your document content when providing this service, please do not choose this type of service.
1.20. When you use Tencent Document Intelligent Assistant service, we will collect your corresponding information based on the following different services:
1) When you use the dialogue function, you can send text, button operation instructions, etc. to the intelligent assistant through the dialogue box to obtain real-time answer content; We will automatically receive and record the information you input during your interaction with the intelligent assistant (such as text, button operation instructions, etc., subject to your input), and use this information to output content to you to provide intelligent chat services; During the conversation, when you choose to paste content from the system clipboard into the dialogue input box or need to copy content output by the intelligent assistant, we need to access your clipboard; During the conversation, you can evaluate the content output by the intelligent assistant, including likes, feedback, etc. We will collect your evaluation information to improve the quality of the intelligent assistant's output content.
2) Dialogue history query and retention period: In order to provide you with a continuous and consistent service experience and ensure service quality, we will retain the chat records between you and the intelligent assistant, including the information you input, the answers replied by the system, and the conversation topics formed based on the above information. The above chat records will be retained for 30 natural days and automatically deleted. If you want to save the relevant records, please make a backup in advance.
3) When you instruct the intelligent assistant to help you edit and optimize content in formats such as documents, tables, slides, PDF files, mind maps, and spreadsheets, we will view and edit your above content with your explicit consent.
Your data will only be used for customizing your content with the intelligent assistant. We will take strict measures to ensure its security. Refusing to provide the above information will only result in you being unable to use the intelligent assistant related services, but will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Tencent Docs. You can always turn off the Smart Assistant permission in your phone settings.
1.21. In order to display notification icons on the Tencent Document app on your desktop, we need to access the application information displayed on your current system desktop. When the Tencent Document is displayed on your desktop, it will be displayed on your desktop when there are notification prompts.
1.22. In addition, according to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information without seeking your authorization and consent in the following situations:
1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts to which you are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with legally established labor rules and regulations and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
5) In accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, handle personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope;
6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
1.23. Other instructions
To improve your efficiency in accessing recently used documents again; Convenient for you to quickly activate scanning and shorthand functions for data entry; For your convenience in quickly creating document records, we provide the Widget desktop component function. When you add and use the Widget desktop component, there will be a background self startup behavior of the Tencent Document application. Without using the desktop component function, there will be no background self startup.
It should be noted that in order to timely push important information to you, Tencent Docs may attempt to briefly launch the backend after you exit the application, in order to ensure the stability of the message channel, improve push efficiency and delivery rate, and reduce message latency.
1.24. Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not mentioned in the above description and collects your information, we will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of the information collection to you through page prompts, interaction processes, website announcements, etc., in order to obtain your consent
Meaning.
1.25. Please note that currently we do not proactively obtain your personal information from third parties outside of Tencent Group. If we need to indirectly obtain your personal information from a third party for business development in the future, we will inform you of the source, type, and scope of use of your personal information before obtaining it. If the personal information processing activities we need to carry out for our business exceed the scope of your original authorization and consent when providing personal information to third parties, we will obtain your authorization and consent before processing your personal information; In addition, we will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, and require third parties to ensure the legality of the information they provide.
2. Storage of Information
2.1. Methods and Deadlines of Information Storage
We will store your information in a secure manner. In general, we will only store your personal information for the time necessary to achieve the service objectives or within the time limit prescribed by laws and regulations.
2.2. Geographic location of information storage
We will store the personal information of users collected within China in accordance with laws and regulations.
At present, we do not transfer or store your personal information across borders. If there is a need for cross-border transmission or storage in the future, we will inform you of the purpose of information export, the recipient, security measures, and security risks, and obtain your consent.
2.3. Notification when the product or service ceases operation
When our products or services cease operation, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information or anonymize it within a reasonable period of time, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
3. Information security
3.1. Safety protection measures
We strive to provide security for users' information to prevent information leakage, loss, improper use, unauthorized access, and disclosure. We use multi-faceted security measures to ensure that users' personal information protection is at a reasonable level of security, including technical protection measures, management system controls, security system guarantees, and many other aspects. In addition, we have also passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection (Level 3).
We adopt industry-leading technological protection measures. The technical means we use include but are not limited to firewalls, encryption (such as SSL), de identification or anonymization processing, access control measures, etc. In addition, we will continuously enhance the security capabilities of the software installed on your device. For example, we will complete some information encryption work locally on your device to consolidate secure transmission; We will gather information about the applications installed and processes running on your device to prevent malicious programs such as viruses and Trojans.
We have established specialized management systems, processes, and organizations to ensure the security of personal information. For example, we strictly limit the scope of personnel accessing information, require them to comply with confidentiality obligations and conduct reviews, and those who violate obligations will be punished according to regulations. We will also review the management system, processes, and organization to prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of user information.
3.2. Measures for handling security incidents
If there is a security incident such as personal information leakage, damage, or loss, we will activate emergency plans to prevent the security incident from escalating. After a security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation of the security incident, the disposal and remedial measures we will take or have taken, and our response suggestions to you through push notifications, emails, and other forms. If it is difficult to achieve individual notification, we will issue warnings through announcements and other means.
4. How we use information
We strictly abide by the provisions of laws and regulations and agreements with users, and use the collected information as described in this guide to provide you with better quality services.
4.1. Information Usage Rules
We will use the collected information according to the following rules:
1) We will provide you with various functions and services based on the information we collect, including functions such as uploading files;
2) We will analyze the operation of our product based on the fault information, performance information, etc. when you use Tencent Docs to ensure the security of the service and optimize our product, improving our service quality.
4.2. Ways to obtain consent after informing the purpose of the change
We will use the collected information within the purposes covered by this guideline. If we use your personal information beyond the stated purpose and scope of direct or reasonable association at the time of collection, we will inform you again and obtain your explicit consent before using your personal information.
5. Personal information sharing, transfer, and public disclosure
5.1 Personal Information Sharing
1) Third party services
To achieve specific functions, some services in Tencent Docs are provided by our affiliates or other third parties. We will carefully select third parties and third-party services, urge relevant third parties to collect and use your personal information in accordance with this guideline or other agreements reached with you, and take appropriate security technologies and management measures to ensure the security of your personal information. For specific information on third-party information sharing, please refer to the "Tencent Document Third Party Information Sharing List" (including the "Third Party SDK Catalog").
2) Advertisement
In order to enhance your user experience and optimize the advertising effectiveness displayed within the product, we may need to share anonymized or de identified information (such as device information OAID, etc.), collect your IDFA information (tracking permissions), and interest tags with third-party partners, etc., and require them to strictly comply with our measures and requirements for data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing according to data protection agreements, commitment letters, and relevant data processing policies, to avoid identifying personal identities and ensure privacy and security. You can learn and manage the ads displayed to you in the "Personal Center - Privacy - Personalized Advertising Management" interface, as well as learn and manage the rules for using tracking permissions in the "Personal Center - Privacy - Privacy Permission Settings - Allow Tencent Documents to Use Tracking Permissions" interface. You can choose to turn on or off relevant permissions.
We will not share information that can be used to identify your personal identity (such as your name or email address) with our partners unless you explicitly authorize it.
5.2 Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not publicly disclose the personal information we collect. If it is necessary to disclose it publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of this disclosure, the type of information disclosed, and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your consent
Agree.
5.3 Transfer of Personal Information
As our business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, and other transactions. We will inform you of the relevant circumstances and continue to protect or require new controllers to continue protecting your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, and standards not lower than those required by this guideline.
5.4 In addition, according to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may share, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information without obtaining prior authorization and consent from the personal information subject in the following situations:
1) Directly related to national security and defense security;
2) Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
4) For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
5) Personal information that the individual discloses to the public on their own;
6) Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels.
6. Your Rights
During your use of Tencent Docs, in order for you to access, correct, and delete your personal information more conveniently, we have provided corresponding operation settings in the product design. You can refer to the following instructions for operation. In addition, we have established a complaint and reporting channel, and your opinions will be promptly addressed.
6.1. Querying and Copying Personal Information
1) After entering Tencent Docs, click on the avatar;
2) Click on 'Privacy';
3) Click on 'Personal Information Inquiry'
6.2. Correction and supplementation of personal information
After entering Tencent Docs, click on your avatar to enter the process of correcting and supplementing your personal information.
6.3. Personalized Advertising Management
1) After entering Tencent Docs, click on the avatar;
2) Click on 'Privacy';
3) Click on 'Personalized Advertising Management'
6.4. Privacy Permission Management
1) After entering Tencent Docs, click on the avatar;
2) Click on 'Privacy';
3) Click on 'Privacy Permission Settings'
6.5. Log out of login
1) After entering Tencent Docs, click on the avatar;
2) Click on 'Log Out'
6.6. Account Cancellation
1) After entering the Tencent Docs mobile application, click on "Me" at the bottom;
2) Click on 'Privacy';
3) Click on 'Cancel Account'
6.7. Problem Feedback
1) After entering Tencent Docs, click on the avatar;
2) Click on 'Help and Feedback';
3) Click on 'Feedback'
7. Change
We may revise this guideline in a timely manner. When the terms of this guideline change, we will display the updated guidelines to you in the form of push notifications and pop ups when you log in and update the version. Please note that we will only collect, use, and store your personal information according to the updated guidelines after you click the consent button in the pop-up window.
8. Protection of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain written consent from your parents or legal guardians before using Tencent Document services. If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, please contact us through the contact information provided in Article 9.
Specifically, if you are a child under the age of 14, we have also developed a "Children's Privacy Protection Statement" specifically for you. Children and their guardians should carefully read Tencent's "Children's Privacy Protection Statement" before using Tencent Document Services for children under the age of 14. Children under the age of 14 can only use Tencent Docs' services after obtaining the consent of their guardians to the Children's Privacy Protection Statement.
9. Other
The Tencent Privacy Policy is a general privacy policy uniformly applicable by Tencent, and the user rights and information security measures stipulated therein apply to Tencent Document users. If there is any inconsistency or contradiction between the Tencent Privacy Policy and this guideline, please refer to this guideline.
10. Contact us
We have established a dedicated personal information protection team and a personal information protection officer. If you have any questions, complaints, suggestions, or wish to download a copy of your personal information regarding this guideline or personal information protection related matters, you can contact us through the following methods:
1. You can fill out the feedback questionnaire on personal information protection and privacy issues to contact us;
2. Send the problem to Dataprivacy@tencent.com ；
3. Through https://kf.qq.com/ Contact us;
4. Please mail your question to the following address:
Data Privacy Protection Department, Tencent Binhai Building, No. 33 Haitian 2nd Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China (received)
Postal Code: 518054
We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and provide feedback within 15 working days or the deadline stipulated by laws and regulations.  
