In order to better protect your rights, we have recently updated the "Tencent Video (Basic Features) Privacy Protection Guidelines".
The content of this update is:
1. According to the functional update, the collection of personal information related to mobile phone number login has been added.
introduction
Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd
Online audio and video category
Registered address: Tencent Building, Science and Technology Middle Road, Maling Community, Yuehai Street, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
For online audiovisual category
According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, the basic functions of online audio and video services are "film and television, music search and play", which can be used without personal information. You agree that this guideline only represents your consent to the collection and processing of necessary personal information when using the main functions of browsing, searching, playing, and logging in online audio and video. It does not represent your consent to the collection and processing of personal information by other extension functions. The collection and processing of personal information by other extension functions will be subject to your separate consent when you use specific functions.
For clauses that may have a significant relationship with your rights and sensitive personal information processing, we will use bold, underlined, or other reasonable methods to remind you to read them carefully in this guide.
1. Collection and use of personal information
We will follow the principles of legality, legitimacy, minimum necessity, and transparency in collecting and using personal information that you voluntarily provide or generate as a result of using our products and/or services.
[System Permissions] System permissions will not be enabled by default. We will only apply for relevant permissions from you and obtain corresponding information (if involved) when you trigger relevant business functions. Please rest assured that the access permissions we apply for are limited to those necessary for implementing specific functions, and you may revoke the authorization of system permissions at any time. If you refuse or revoke authorization system permissions, it will prevent you from using the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of the product and/or service. After you update the app version, we will not change the permission status you previously set without your explicit consent.
Normally, we collect your personal information or apply for relevant permissions in the following scenarios:
1.1 Login and Registration
(1) You can register/log in to the app through QQ account, WeChat account, or mobile phone number. When you log in to the app through your QQ or WeChat account, we will collect your QQ or WeChat account identifier, avatar, and nickname to verify your identity when you log in to your account. When you log in to the app with your phone number, we will collect your phone number for receiving a verification code or one click login with your local phone number to verify your identity when you log in to your account.
(2) When you upload/change your avatar, we will request your camera permission and collect the image information you upload/change with your authorization.
(3) When you cancel your Tencent Video account, in order to verify your identity, we will collect your QQ account identifier or WeChat account identifier, avatar, nickname; If your account is already linked to a mobile phone number, you need to enhance the verification by receiving a SMS verification code; If your account has not been linked to a mobile phone number, you need to perform enhanced verification by checking the commonly used login location and device model.
1.2 Content browsing
(1) When you use our video, audio, live streaming, e-books (books, comics) and other content (hereinafter referred to as "content") playback and browsing functions, we will collect your device information (Android ID, device model, system version) and log information (including Tencent Video account, video playback ID, playback time, software version model, your actions, behavior log information: browsing history, playback history, playback duration, access date and time, favorites/followers/subscriptions/reading history).
(2) In order to switch the device's horizontal and vertical screen states during video playback, we may call acceleration sensors, direction sensors, and device motion data (only for iOS version, used to collect gyroscope data) to detect screen orientation; In order to drag and drop the playback progress bar and scroll up the bottom to prompt the user during video playback, we may call a gyroscope sensor to achieve real-time vibration of the device.
(3) After disconnecting from your identity, we may use certain information (based on the user's actual submission and usage, including viewing records, gender, age range, bullet comments, etc.) in a summarized manner for analysis and research, data statistics, research and development, and optimization of our products and services, as well as other purposes with your consent.
1.3 Content Search
When you use the search function, we collect and upload the keyword information and search history you enter. In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored on your local device and can show you search history, but we will not store it in the cloud.
Comment posting and interactive communication
(1) When you use the comment function, we will collect the graphic/audio/video content you upload, your Tencent Video account ID, nickname, avatar, posted information content, and your interaction information, including likes/shares/comments/interaction records, favorites records. When you use the aforementioned information publishing function, we may request your camera permission; When publishing multiple contents, we may request your album permission.
(2) When you actively copy text or expressions, we will call your clipboard function. We will only write to the clipboard and will not read or upload the clipboard content.
(3) According to the regulatory requirements of relevant laws and regulations on Internet account management, in order to maintain network security and a good network content ecology, we will display your IP territory on your personal homepage and under the content you publish (domestic IP addresses are displayed to provinces/autonomous regions/municipalities directly under the Central Government, and overseas IP addresses are displayed to countries/regions, and the specific information is subject to the network operator data).
(4) When you share passwords and links, we will collect your profile picture, nickname, and call your clipboard function to determine if there is any relevant password code information. It should be noted that in order to determine if there is any relevant password information, we will check it when you start the app and switch from the backend to the frontend
We use your clipboard function, but we have set strict clipboard filtering rules. Only when the password information in the clipboard is locally verified and matched on the smart terminal, will we upload the hit clipboard password information and provide you with the required content or bind relevant rights. We do not store any other information about your clipboard.
Operational and product safety requirements
(1) To recommend the best video clarity based on your network status, we will collect your IP address.
Browse and operation records
(3) In order to verify the validity of the application identifier itself and identify abnormal device environments for login risks, we will collect your IDFV (iOS version only).
(4) When establishing push links, in order to provide safe and trustworthy products and usage environments, high-quality and reliable services and information, prevent black industry and external malicious attacks, we may detect whether the device has acceleration sensors, gravity sensors, gyroscope sensors, rotation vector sensors, light sensors, linear accelerators, magnetic field sensors, pressure sensors, relative humidity sensors, and environmental temperature sensors.
(5) For specific device manufacturers, we will collect OAIDs for message push.
Personalized content recommendation
We may analyze your preferences and habits through automated decision-making based on collected information, including your device information (Android ID), device model, system version, log information (purchase history, follow, click, favorite, browse, download history, likes/shares/comments/interactions, search terms), IP address information, in order to provide you with customized services that meet your interests, such as displaying or recommending content with higher relevance (rather than universal push) to you. Automated decision-making refers to the activity of automatically analyzing and evaluating an individual's behavior habits, interests, and hobbies through computer programs, and making decisions. In addition, when you provide gender and age information and authorize us to use it for personalized recommendations, we will collect the relevant information from you for personalized recommendations.
If you choose to turn off, we will not process your personal information for the purpose of personalized content push, and the content you see may be less relevant to your preferences.
Advertising (including personalized advertising)
(1) We may use your device identifiers (OAID, IDFV, IDFA), advertising data (exposure, clicks, conversion data), device information (device model, system language, operator, screen height, width, screen orientation), this App application and usage data (app package name, operation logs), IP address, membership status, selected interest tags, and other information to provide you with advertisements that you may be interested in, evaluate and improve the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and other promotional and advertising activities, business analysis, and more. Please rest assured that personalized advertising recommendation algorithms do not recognize your true identity, but only provide more valuable advertising information based on inferred features, saving you transaction costs.
(2) When you use innovative advertising interactive features such as shaking, twisting, and twisting the device, we will call on the device's gyroscope, acceleration, and gravity sensors to recognize and judge your device status.
(3) When you actively copy the links and other content on the landing page of an advertisement, we will write a clipboard to facilitate the implementation of functions such as sharing links.
If you choose to close, the number of ads you see will not decrease, but
We will no longer display personalized ads to you, and the ads you see may be less relevant to your preferences.
(5) In order to obtain more valuable advertising information for you, we may infer your indirect profile based on your search history and behavior data within Tencent Video, which will be used to provide you with advertising content that you may be more interested in on Tencent and other platforms such as third-party websites and applications that we cooperate with. We will not associate your real identity information and will not use your specific search content. If you do not want to accept cross platform advertising services, you can turn them on/off on the app settings page: "Personal Center - Settings - Privacy Settings Management - Cross platform Advertising Recommendation Management".
Customer service and other user response functions
(1) When you contact our customer service, for the security of your account and system, we will collect your WeChat ID, QQ number, and account information, and match them with your previous personal information to verify your user identity. In order to investigate the facts and help you solve the problem, we may also need to collect your following personal information: contact information (the phone number, WeChat ID, QQ number or other contact information you use or actively provide to us), communication records between you and us.
(2) When you use the help and feedback function, in order to facilitate your feedback on the problems encountered while using the app, we will collect your Tencent Video account ID, network situation, app version, access page, and payment number.
(3) When you provide feedback on playback and download issues, we will also collect your IP address to identify the problem. You can view the feedback history on the Help and Feedback feature page.
(4) When you request to download personal information, we will collect the email address you provided to generate files and send them to the email address you specified.
1.9 Indirect Collection of Personal Information from Third Parties
We may indirectly collect (such as sharing) your personal information from third parties, but this only occurs when we confirm that such third parties have already shared the relevant personal information with us with your consent, or when the third party is legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. We will require third parties to make commitments regarding the legality and compliance of personal information sources. If a third party violates the law, we will explicitly demand that they bear corresponding legal responsibilities. We will understand the scope of consent obtained by third parties for the processing of personal information, including the purpose of use, whether the personal information subject agrees to transfer, share, disclose publicly, delete, etc. These personal information obtained from third parties will be used to provide services to you and to ensure the accuracy of the relevant records we hold about you. If our processing activities of these personal information exceed the scope of consent obtained by the third party, within a reasonable period of obtaining personal information or before processing personal information, we will
Obtain your consent through a third party who provides the information.
Exceptions to obtaining consent
According to laws and regulations, we do not require your consent to collect and use your personal information in the following situations:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with legally established labor regulations and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other actions for the public interest, and to process your personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
2. Use of similar technologies such as cookies
Cookies and similar technologies are widely used in the Internet. When you use our products and/or services, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect your login information, device information (see Section 1 of this guide for specific scenarios and information types), personal internet browsing history, and other preference data, in order to ensure the normal operation of our app, simplify the steps of repeated operations (such as registration and login), facilitate your viewing of usage history (such as video viewing history), provide you with service content that better meets your personal needs or interests, protect your information and account security, and enhance our products and services.
We will not use cookies and similar technologies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy protection guideline. If you refuse our use of cookies and similar technologies to collect and use your relevant information, you may delete cookies and/or similar technologies that have already been stored on your mobile device or other device. You understand and acknowledge that some of our products/services can only be achieved through the use of cookies or similar technologies. If you refuse to use or delete them, you may not be able to use our related products and/or services normally or obtain the best service experience through our products and/or services. At the same time, it may also have a certain impact on your information protection and account security.
For more information about our use of cookies and similar technologies, please click to view our Cookie Policy.
3. Storage of Information
3.1 Storage location
The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we do not have any scenario of providing your personal information to overseas parties.
If we need to provide personal information outside the territory of the People's Republic of China for business purposes, we must meet the legal requirements (such as conducting a security assessment organized by the national cyberspace administration or entering into a contract with the overseas recipient in accordance with the standard contract formulated by the national cyberspace administration, agreeing on the rights and obligations of both parties), and inform you of the name or contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information, and the way and procedure for you to exercise your personal information subject rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain your separate consent. We will take necessary measures to ensure that the processing of personal information by overseas recipients meets the personal information protection standards stipulated by Chinese law.
3.2 Storage period
We will store your personal information for the shortest period of time necessary to achieve the purpose of processing your personal information, except when you exercise the right to delete, cancel your account, or as otherwise provided by laws and regulations (such as the Electronic Commerce Law, which stipulates that the storage time for product and service information and transaction information shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction). After exceeding the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
When our products or services cease operation, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information or anonymize it within a reasonable period of time, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
4. Information security
4.1 Security Protection Measures
We strive to provide security for your personal information to prevent leakage, tampering, loss, improper use, unauthorized access, and disclosure of personal information. We adopt multi-faceted security protection measures, including technical protection measures, management system control, security system guarantee, etc., to ensure that your personal information protection is at a reasonable level of security.
(1) Technical protection measures
We use industry-leading technology to protect your personal information, including but not limited to firewalls, encryption (such as SSL), de identification or anonymization processing, access control measures, etc. In addition, we will continuously enhance the security capabilities of the software installed on your device. For example, we will complete some information encryption work locally on your device to consolidate secure transmission.
(2) Management system and operating procedures
We have established internal management systems and operating procedures to ensure the security of personal information. Implement classified management of personal information, reasonably determine operational permissions for personal information processing, and regularly provide security education and training to employees.
(3) Security system guarantee
We have built and improved a personal information security management system that includes security system certification and business security capability certification. At present, our important information systems have passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection (Level 3).
4.2 Measures for handling security incidents
If personal information security incidents such as leakage, tampering, or loss occur or may occur, we will activate the emergency plan for personal information security incidents to prevent them from escalating.
After a personal information security incident occurs, unless we take measures to effectively prevent information leakage, tampering, or loss from causing harm, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation of the personal information security incident, the disposal and remedial measures we will take or have taken, and our response suggestions to you in the form of push notifications, emails, etc. If it is difficult to achieve individual notification, we will issue warnings through announcements and other means.
5. Information sharing
5.1 Personal Information Entrustment Processing
Some functions of the app may be externally controlled
Service providers may provide, for example, we may hire professional data processing service providers to provide technical support in data analysis for our app.
We will sign agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals entrusted by us to process personal information, specifying the purpose, duration, processing methods, types of personal information, protection measures, and the rights and obligations of both parties. We will also supervise the personal information processing activities of the entrusted parties.
5.2 Sharing with Third Parties Outside the Group
In order to provide you with comprehensive products and services, in some cases, we may need to share your personal information with third-party companies, organizations, or individuals outside our group. We will only share your personal information with third parties for lawful, legitimate, and minimally necessary purposes as specified in this guideline, and will only share necessary personal information. If a third party changes or processes your personal information beyond the scope of your original consent, we will request the third party to obtain your consent again.
We will require companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information to strictly comply with our measures and requirements for data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing personal information in accordance with data protection agreements, commitment letters, and relevant data processing policies to avoid identifying personal identities and ensure privacy and security.
You can click to view the "Tencent Video and Third Party Shared Personal Information List" for detailed information on sharing your personal information with third parties; In addition, you can directly click to view the "Tencent Video Access Third Party SDK Catalog" to learn about the specific information of the third-party software tool development kit (SDK) that is accessed.
The main situations for sharing with third parties are as follows:
5.2.1 Sharing necessary for the implementation of our functions/services
In some cases, we must share your personal information in order to fulfill our obligations as a party to the relevant contract with you or provide the services you need. For specific information on third-party information, please click to view the "Tencent Video and Third Party Shared Personal Information List".
5.2.2 Advertising Cooperation
In order to advertise, evaluate, and optimize advertising effectiveness, we need to share some of your data with third-party partners such as advertisers and their agents, and require them to strictly comply with our measures and requirements for data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing according to data protection agreements, commitment letters, and relevant data processing policies, to avoid identifying personal identities and ensure privacy and security.
5.2.3 Third party SDK partners
We may share your personal information with third-party software development kits (SDKs) or other similar application service providers to ensure the stable operation and functionality of the app. For specific access information, you can click to view the "Tencent Video Access Third Party SDK Catalog". We will strictly monitor the security of third-party software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) that obtain personal information, and require them to process personal information in accordance with this guideline and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures to protect data security.
5.3 Transfer of Personal Information
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
(1) After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
(2) If it is necessary to transfer your personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we will inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your consent again.
5.4 Public Disclosure
We will not publicly disclose the personal information we collect. If it is necessary to disclose it publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of this disclosure, the type of information disclosed, and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your separate consent.
5.5 Exceptions to Consent
According to the Personal Information Protection Law, we do not need to obtain your prior consent to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party, or for the implementation of human resource management in accordance with legally established labor regulations and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law;
(2) Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other actions for the public interest, and to process your personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) Process your self disclosed or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law;
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) According to the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law, handle personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range;
(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
Personal internet history
We will not use cookies and similar technologies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy protection guideline. If you refuse our use of cookies and similar technologies to collect and use your relevant information, you may delete cookies and/or similar technologies that have already been stored on your mobile device or other device. You understand and acknowledge that some of our products/services can only be achieved through the use of cookies or similar technologies. If you refuse to use or delete them, you may not be able to use our related products and/or services normally or obtain the best service experience through our products and/or services. At the same time, it may also have a certain impact on your information protection and account security.
The personal information collected and generated during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we do not have any scenario of providing your personal information to overseas parties.
If we need to provide personal information outside the territory of the People's Republic of China due to business needs, we should meet the conditions stipulated by law (through security assessments organized by the national cyberspace administration or in accordance with national regulations)
The standard contract formulated by the home network information department will be used to enter into a contract with the overseas recipient, stipulating the rights and obligations of both parties, and will inform you of the name or title of the overseas recipient, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information, and the way and procedure for you to exercise your personal information subject rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain your separate consent. We will take necessary measures to ensure that the processing of personal information by overseas recipients meets the personal information protection standards stipulated by Chinese law.
We will store your personal information for the shortest period of time necessary to achieve the purpose of processing your personal information, except when you exercise the right to delete, cancel your account, or as otherwise provided by laws and regulations (such as the Electronic Commerce Law, which stipulates that the storage time for product and service information and transaction information shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction). After exceeding the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
When our products or services cease operation, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information or anonymize it within a reasonable period of time, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
Security protection measures
We strive to provide security for your personal information to prevent leakage, tampering, loss, improper use, unauthorized access, and disclosure of personal information. We adopt multi-faceted security protection measures, including technical protection measures, management system control, security system guarantee, etc., to ensure that your personal information protection is at a reasonable level of security.
(1) Technical protection measures
We use industry-leading technology to protect your personal information, including but not limited to firewalls, encryption (such as SSL), de identification or anonymization processing, access control measures, etc. In addition, we will continuously enhance the security capabilities of the software installed on your device. For example, we will complete some information encryption work locally on your device to consolidate secure transmission.
(2) Management system and operating procedures
We have established internal management systems and operating procedures to ensure the security of personal information. Implement classified management of personal information, reasonably determine operational permissions for personal information processing, and regularly provide security education and training to employees.
(3) Security system guarantee
We have built and improved a personal information security management system that includes security system certification and business security capability certification. At present, our important information systems have passed the evaluation and filing of the national network security level protection (Level 3).
Measures for handling security incidents
If personal information security incidents such as leakage, tampering, or loss occur or may occur, we will activate the emergency plan for personal information security incidents to prevent them from escalating.
After a personal information security incident occurs, unless we take measures to effectively prevent information leakage, tampering, or loss from causing harm, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation of the personal information security incident, the disposal and remedial measures we will take or have taken, and our response suggestions to you in the form of push notifications, emails, etc. If it is difficult to achieve individual notification, we will issue warnings through announcements and other means.
Personal information entrusted processing
We will sign agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals entrusted by us to process personal information, specifying the purpose, duration, processing methods, types of personal information, protection measures, and the rights and obligations of both parties. We will also supervise the personal information processing activities of the entrusted parties.
Share with third parties outside the group
In order to provide you with comprehensive products and services, in some cases, we may need to share your personal information with third-party companies, organizations, or individuals outside our group. We will only share your personal information with third parties for lawful, legitimate, and minimally necessary purposes as specified in this guideline, and will only share necessary personal information. If a third party changes or processes your personal information beyond the scope of your original consent, we will request the third party to obtain your consent again.
We will require companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information to strictly comply with our measures and requirements for data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing personal information in accordance with data protection agreements, commitment letters, and relevant data processing policies to avoid identifying personal identities and ensure privacy and security.
To achieve our functionality
The sharing necessary for the service
In order to advertise, evaluate, and optimize advertising effectiveness, we need to share some of your data with third-party partners such as advertisers and their agents, and require them to strictly comply with our measures and requirements for data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing according to data protection agreements, commitment letters, and relevant data processing policies, to avoid identifying personal identities and ensure privacy and security.
Personal Information Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
(1) After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
(2) If it is necessary to transfer your personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we will inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your consent again.
We will not publicly disclose the personal information we collect. If it is necessary to disclose it publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of this disclosure, the type of information disclosed, and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your separate consent.
Agreed exceptions
According to the Personal Information Protection Law, we do not need to obtain your prior consent to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
(4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
(5) According to the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law, handle personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable range;
6. Your Rights
During your use of the app, in order to make it more convenient for you to query, copy, correct, and delete your personal information, and to ensure that you withdraw your consent to the processing of personal information and cancel your account
We have provided you with corresponding operation settings in the product design for the rights of users. You can refer to the following guidelines for operation. In addition, we have established a complaint and reporting channel, and your opinions will be promptly addressed. If you are unable to exercise your personal information subject rights through the above channels and methods, you can make your request through the contact information provided in this privacy protection guide, and we will provide feedback in accordance with legal regulations.
Search for personal information
Avatar, nickname, phone number
Video playback record
Reading Records of Novels and Comics
Subscription creation account, reading history
My bookshelf (collected books) and reading records
Obtaining a copy of personal information
If you need a copy of your personal information, you can apply through the following path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - Settings - Privacy Management Settings - Personal Information Download"; You can also contact us through the methods provided at the end of this privacy protection guideline. After verifying your identity, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information (including basic information and identity information) in our services, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or as stipulated in this privacy protection guideline.
If technically feasible and in compliance with the requirements set by the national cyberspace administration, we may also transfer a copy of your personal information to a third party designated by you as per your request.
Correction and supplementation of personal information
When you find that the personal information we process about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to request us to make corrections or supplements. You can contact us through the methods provided in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy. After verifying your personal information, we will promptly correct and supplement it.
Delete personal information
6.4.1 You can delete your personal information on your own through the following path:
(1) You can delete your video, novel, and comic viewing history through the path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - Watch History - More - Edit";
(2) You can delete your video works' tracking records through the path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - My Tracking - Edit";
(3) You can delete your video and/or novel download records through the path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - My Downloads - Edit";
(4) You can delete your video and/or post collection records through the path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - My Favorites - Edit";
(5) You can delete your reading history through the path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - My Bookshelf - Edit";
(6) You can access Tencent Video and delete your posts, comments, and videos by accessing them.
6.4.2 In the following situations, you can contact us through the methods provided at the end of this privacy protection guideline to request us to delete your personal information:
(1) If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(3) If you agree to our collection and use of your personal information and then withdraw your consent;
(4) If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
(5) If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
(6) If we no longer provide you with products or services;
(7) If the purpose of processing your personal information has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
(7) If the retention period of your personal information has expired.
6.5 Withdrawal of Consent
Camera, photo album, and microphone permissions
(2) You can revoke personalized recommendation authorization through the following path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - Privacy Settings";
(3) You can revoke personalized advertising push authorization through the following path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - Personalized Advertising Management".
Please understand that each business function requires some necessary information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
6.6 Account Cancellation
You can cancel your Tencent Video account through the following path: "Tencent Video - Personal Center - Privacy Settings - Cancel Account".
After you cancel your Tencent Video account, we will cease to provide you with all Tencent Video products and/or services, and process your personal information through anonymization and other means in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, or delete personal information related to your account, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory agencies regarding the storage time of user information. For the relevant rules and procedures for account cancellation, please refer to the Tencent Video Account Cancellation Agreement.
Obtain an explanation of this privacy protection guideline
You can contact us through the methods provided in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy and request an explanation of this Privacy Policy.
Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through the methods provided in Section 10 of this privacy protection guide, request us to explain, and refuse us to make decisions solely through automated decision-making.
Protection of Personal Information of Deceased Users
If a user unfortunately passes away, their close relatives may exercise the rights to access, copy, correct, delete, and other related personal information of the deceased user in accordance with this privacy protection guideline for their own legitimate and legitimate interests; Except for deceased users who had other arrangements before their death.
In response to your above request
We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and provide feedback within 15 days or the deadline stipulated by laws and regulations. If you are not satisfied or have any questions, you can contact us through the methods provided in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy.
To ensure security, if you make a request to us in accordance with Section 6 of this Privacy Protection Guidelines, we will verify your personal information subject identity and process your request.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, I
We will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. For requests that are technically difficult to implement and do not require a response according to laws and administrative regulations, or if responding to your request would violate laws and administrative regulations, we may refuse and provide you with reasons.
7. Change
We may revise this privacy protection guideline in a timely manner. When there are changes to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of the updated Privacy Policy and inform you of the effective date when the version is updated. When there are significant changes to this privacy protection guideline, we will provide more prominent notifications to inform you of the changes.
The above-mentioned 'significant changes' include:
(1) The name or contact information of the personal information processor;
(2) The purpose and method of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the retention period;
(3) The ways and procedures for individuals to exercise the rights stipulated in this law;
(4) Other matters that should be notified according to laws and administrative regulations.
Please carefully read the updated privacy protection guidelines. By continuing to use Tencent Video, you agree to our processing of your personal information in accordance with the updated privacy protection guidelines. If there is a change in the purpose, method, or type of personal information processing, we will obtain your consent again.
8. Protection of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, we will not process your personal information until we obtain your or your guardian's consent. If you are the guardian of a minor and have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, please use "10 Contact us using the contact information provided in 'Contact Us'.
Children's personal information
9. Other
9.1 The Tencent Privacy Policy is a general privacy clause that we apply uniformly, and the user rights and information security measures stipulated therein apply to Tencent Video users. If there is any inconsistency or contradiction between the Tencent Privacy Policy and this Privacy Protection Guidelines, please refer to this Privacy Protection Guidelines.
9.2 "Children's Privacy Protection Statement" is an information protection rule applicable to children under the age of fourteen. If there is any inconsistency or contradiction between the "Children's Privacy Protection Statement" and the "Tencent Privacy Policy" or this guideline within the scope of application, please refer to the "Children's Privacy Protection Statement".
10. Contact Us
We have established a dedicated personal information protection team and a personal information protection officer. If you have any questions, complaints, or suggestions regarding this privacy protection guideline or personal information protection related matters, you can contact us through the following methods:
(1) You can fill out the feedback questionnaire on personal information protection and privacy issues to contact us;
(2) Send the problem to Dataprivacy@tencent.com ；
(3) By https://kf.qq.com/ Contact us;
(4) Please mail your question to the following address:
Data Compliance and Privacy Protection Department, Tencent Binhai Building, No. 33 Haitian 2nd Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
Postal Code: 518054
We will review the issues involved as soon as possible and provide feedback within 15 days or the deadline stipulated by laws and regulations.
Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd
Normally, we collect your personal information or apply for relevant permissions in the following scenarios:
