Your trust is very important to us, and we deeply understand the importance of personal information to you. We will take corresponding security measures in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and do our best to protect the security and controllability of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum necessity, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency. At the same time, we promise to take corresponding security measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information. In view of this, the [Mint Health] service provider (hereinafter referred to as "us") has formulated this "Mint Health Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy/this privacy policy") and reminds you:
This policy applies to all functions or services we provide. If we and our affiliated companies (as defined in the definition section) use the functions or services provided by Mint Health (such as logging in with a Mint Health account) but do not have a separate privacy policy, this policy also applies to that part of the functions or services. If we and our affiliated companies have separate privacy policies for the functions or services they provide to you, the corresponding privacy policies shall apply to the corresponding functions or services.
Please carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy before using the various functions or services of Mint Health, especially the terms marked in bold/underlined. Please read them carefully and confirm that you fully understand and agree before starting to use them. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through the methods provided in the "How to Contact Us" section of this privacy policy.
Please note that this policy does not apply to other third-party products/services that you access through our products/services ("other third parties", including your counterparties, any third-party websites, and third-party service providers, etc.). For specific provisions, please refer to the privacy policy or similar statement of the third party.
Part One Definition
Mint platform: refers to the Internet information and software technology products and services provided by Shanghai Mint Health Technology Co., Ltd., including Mint Health APP, Mint Nutritionist APP, Mint Health WeChat applet, Mint Nutritionist WeChat applet, Mint Health official flagship store WeChat applet, Mint Health Fat Reduction Baidu applet, Mint Health Hongmeng app, and various products and services provided to you in new forms with the development of technology.
User: refers to all users who directly or indirectly acquire and use the Mint platform, including natural persons, legal persons, or other organizations. In this privacy policy, it is referred to as "user" or "you".
Service provider: refers to the internet information and software technology service provider of the peppermint platform. The service provider of this product is Shanghai Mint Health Technology Co., Ltd. Registered address: Room 301-1, 3rd Floor, No. 14, Lane 1401, Jiangchang Road, Jing'an District, Shanghai. The actual business address is: 16th floor, 1359 Yaolong Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone (actual 14th floor).
Affiliated company: refers to a company directly or indirectly controlled or invested by Shanghai Mint Health Technology Co., Ltd.
Peppermint Health: refers to the product developed and operated by Shanghai Peppermint Health Technology Co., Ltd. - Peppermint Health App.
Mint Health Sub Products: Refers to other mint platforms besides the Mint Health APP.
Mint Health Account: refers to the account you have created for Mint Health and its sub products.
Personal information: refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information including ID number, personal biometric information, bank account number, property information, whereabouts, health and physiological information, transaction information, and information of children under 14 years old (including) (we will prominently mark specific personal sensitive information with a underlined line in this privacy policy).
Basic information: including gender, age/date of birth, height, weight, pregnancy and childbirth status/special stage, health issues/special circumstances.
Personal information deletion: refers to the act of removing personal information from systems involved in daily business functions, so that it remains unretrievable and inaccessible.
Personal information anonymization: refers to the process of providing technical processing of personal information that makes it impossible to identify or associate the subject of personal information, and the processed information cannot be restored.
Part 2 Privacy Policy
This privacy policy section will help you understand the following:
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
2、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
3、 How do we store your personal information
4、 How do we protect your personal information
5、 Your rights
6、 Third party product/service providers
7、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
8、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
9、 How can your personal information be transferred globally
10、 How to update this privacy policy
11、 How to contact us
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
The scenarios in which we need/may need to collect and use your personal information when you use our products and/or services include:
(1) In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products/services, you must authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or services normally;
(2) In order to provide you with expanded features of our products and/or services, you may choose to authorize us to collect and use the information. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the relevant extension functions or achieve the intended functional effects, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products and/or services.
You understand and agree that:
1. We are committed to creating a diverse range of products and services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, and the differences in the specific product/service scope chosen by different users, the types and scope of personal information collected and used for different functions may vary accordingly. Please refer to the specific product/service functions.
2. To provide you with a better product and service experience, we are committed to
We will continue to strive to improve our technology, and as a result, we may occasionally introduce new or optimized features that may require the collection and use of new personal information or changes to the purpose or method of using personal information. We will separately explain the purpose, scope, and usage of the corresponding information to you through updating this policy, pop ups, page prompts, announcements, and other means, and collect and use it with your consent.
When we provide services, we will collect and use your personal information based on the principles of legitimacy, legality, transparency, and minimum necessity, and for the purposes of this policy.
You understand and agree that:
1. We are committed to creating a diverse range of products and services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, and the differences in the specific product/service scope chosen by different users, the types and scope of personal information collected and used for different functions may vary accordingly. Please refer to the specific product/service functions.
2. To provide you with a better product and service experience, we are continuously striving to improve our technology. As a result, we may introduce new or optimized features from time to time, which may require the collection and use of new personal information or changes to the purpose or method of using personal information. We will separately explain the purpose, scope, and usage of the corresponding information to you through updating this policy, pop ups, page prompts, announcements, and other means, and collect and use it with your consent.
When we provide services, we will collect and use your personal information based on the principles of legitimacy, legality, transparency, and minimum necessity, and for the purposes of this policy.
（1） Basic functional services
The basic functional services we provide include: food inquiry, viewing weight loss stories, and science popularization graphics and text. We need to collect your device information, including device name, device model, and device identification code (including IDFA) Android_ID、MAC、OAID、Advertising ID、Serial Number、UAID、ICCID、 Hardware serial number UUID, IDFA, mobile application list, operating system and application version, language settings, unique device identifier, operator network type and other software and hardware feature information, the same applies below. And network information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or services normally.
（2） Extended Function Services
The extended functions we provide mainly include: registration and login, creating health profiles, using health reviews, using record tools, information publishing/commenting/liking/bookmarking/sharing, purchasing/paying for goods/services, customer service, advertising services, sports data synchronization, and member information synchronization, as follows. In order to provide you with better products and services, we may collect the following information when you use the extended feature services. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the relevant extension services normally or achieve the intended functional effects.
1. Account registration and login
1.1. When you register and log in to the Mint Health App, you can create an account with your phone number and complete relevant personal information (including avatar, nickname, password). Collecting this information is to help you complete the registration and login process. If the aforementioned information is not provided, it will be impossible to register and log in to the Mint Health account through a mobile phone number.
1.2. If you use a third-party account (including WeChat, QQ, Weibo, Tiktok, Apple, AppleID) to register and log in, you need to authorize us to obtain your public information (avatar, nickname) registered on the third-party platform, which is used to bind with the mint health account, so that you can directly log in and use this product and related services. Without authorization, it is not possible to complete registration and login to the Mint Health account through a third-party account.
2. Create a health record
2.1. Create personal health records
You need to create your own health profile by filling out a novice assessment, and you need to provide your basic information. Collecting this type of information is to provide you with health plans and advice. If you are unable to provide this type of information, you will not be able to create a health profile and will not be able to use the recording tool and health tool functions normally, but it will not affect your use of other functions of Mint Health.
2.2. Create family health records
a. When creating a health profile for an adult family member, you need to provide their nickname, gender, birthday, height, and weight. Collecting this type of information is to provide you with more comprehensive health assessments and advice.
b. When creating health records for underage family members, you need to provide their nickname, gender, and birthday. Collecting this type of information is to provide you with more comprehensive health assessments and advice. Special reminder: If your underage family members are under 14 years old (including 14 years old), the personal information provided by you during the use of the Mint platform belongs to sensitive personal information, the same applies below.
If you are unable to provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to create a family health profile and will not be able to use related tools, but it will not affect your use of other features of Mint Health.
3. Use health assessment
When using the health assessment function, you need to provide the gender, birthday, height, and weight of the person being assessed, and provide corresponding information based on different assessments (you can use the assessment page to understand the information required for different assessments and decide whether to provide the corresponding information to complete the assessment). Collecting this type of information is to complete health assessments and provide you with more accurate assessment results and more comprehensive health advice. If you are unable to provide the information required for the evaluation, the relevant evaluation will not be able to proceed, but it does not affect your use of other functions of Mint Health.
4. Use recording tools
4.1. When you need to use a recording tool, you can actively choose to record your weight data (if you choose to connect a body fat scale for measurement, you will also upload the body data calculated by the scale), menstrual data, stool data, water consumption data, body circumference data, diet data, exercise data, sleep data, energy data, pregnancy preparation data, blood sugar data, and lifestyle habits data. Collecting this information is to facilitate your understanding of your body changes, and we will also provide relevant advice based on some of the data you record. If you do not provide it, the recording tool cannot be used.
4.2. You are binding and
When using a smart scale, we may obtain your location information through IP address, GPS, WiFi, or base station channels. If you do not provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to bind and use the functions related to the smart scale.
If you are unable to provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to use the corresponding tool, but it will not affect your use of other functions of Mint Health.
5. Search and query function
When you use the search query function, we collect the information you actively input (including text information, voice information, and voice to text information), in order to obtain the content you want to query and conduct a search. If you do not provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to use the search query function, but it does not affect your use of other functions of Mint Health.
6. Information publishing, commenting, liking, bookmarking, and sharing functions
6.1. When you use the publish content function, we may request your authorization to store (album) and camera (camera) permissions. If you refuse authorization to provide, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Mint Health.
6.2. When you use the publish, comment, like, bookmark, and share functions, the content (which may include text, photos) and records you post, comment, like, bookmark, and share will be stored on our servers. We will store this information in an encrypted manner, and you can delete it at any time. Because storage is necessary to implement this function, if you do not agree, you cannot use this type of function, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of peppermint health. At the same time, we would like to remind you that the content you post, comment, like, and share is public. If it contains personal information, it will bring you certain risks. Therefore, we suggest that you carefully consider whether to disclose relevant information when using our services before operation. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of other natural persons or children, you need to obtain the consent of the natural person or the child's guardian before publishing.
7. Purchase function of goods or services
7.1. When you purchase goods or services at Peppermint Health, we will generate an order for you to purchase the goods or services. Order information includes the product and/or service information you purchased, specific order number, order creation time, payment amount, remarks information, recipient name/title, recipient address, recipient contact phone number (unless otherwise specified, the same applies below). We will collect your order information for your identity verification, transaction confirmation, payment settlement, delivery completion, order inquiry, and provide customer service consultation and after-sales service; We will also use your order information to determine if there are any abnormalities in your transaction to protect your transaction security. If you refuse to provide order information, you may not be able to shop normally, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Mint Health.
7.2. You can purchase goods or services for others through Peppermint Health. Please be sure to obtain their consent before providing their personal information.
7.3. When you add a shipping address, we will apply to access your clipboard information. If you agree, we will read the clipboard information and identify the recipient information (recipient name/name, recipient address, recipient contact phone number, the same below). You can choose to automatically fill in the corresponding recipient information column with the identified information, so that you can add the recipient information more quickly. If you refuse, we will not read your clipboard information and you can still manually add a shipping address.
7.4 When you need to issue an invoice, you need to provide the invoice header, taxpayer identification number, and the mobile phone number for receiving the invoice. If you refuse to provide relevant invoicing information, you will not be able to issue invoices normally, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Mint Health.
8. Customer Service
8.1. When you contact our customer service, we may collect your communication records with us (which may include your online communication records with us, phone recordings, your account information, order information, pictures/videos/text information you provide to prove relevant facts, and related information) as well as your contact information, in order to quickly solve problems for you and improve our products and/or services. For the security of your account and system, we may need you to provide relevant personal information that matches the personal information you previously provided to verify your user identity. If you do not provide the above information, our customer service will not be able to provide you with the aforementioned services, but it will not affect your use of the other services we provide.
We may proactively contact you through internal messages and related methods for communication, and if necessary, we may also directly use the phone number you provided during registration to contact you by phone or text message.
8.2. If you submit a complaint of infringement, we may require you to provide your identification information, authorization, and proof of ownership in accordance with legal regulations to clarify your eligibility as the subject of the complaint and determine whether your complaint is valid. If it is required by law to submit your aforementioned information to a court, regulatory agency, or judicial department, we will provide it in accordance with the law. If you do not provide the above information, our customer service will not be able to provide you with the aforementioned services, but it does not affect your use of the other services we provide.
When you are the complained party or a party involved in a dispute, in order to verify the content you have posted on the Mint platform and clarify whether it affects and damages our or others' rights, we may also use the phone number you provided during registration to contact you.
9. Payment function
When you purchase goods or services on the Mint platform, you may need to pay. We will collect your payment methods (including WeChat payment, Alipay payment, Apple payment, UnionPay payment, the same below), payment information (including third-party payment account information, transaction serial number, transaction amount, transaction time, the same below). If you refuse to provide payment methods and information, you may not be able to complete the payment normally, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Mint Health.
10. Account security and system operation security
During your use of our services, in order to understand product compatibility, ensure the security of your account and system operation, assess your account risks, and ensure that we can provide you with normal services, we will collect and investigate abnormal information about the services you use and how you use them, including your use of recording tools
Related functions, commenting or participating in activities, purchasing products and services, joining and using the Mint Health Platform as a member, binding and using smart device related services, and providing personalized recommendations may generate relevant information. This type of information includes:
10.1 Device Information: We will receive and record the device information you use based on the specific permissions you grant during software installation and use. Device information includes device name, device model, device identification code (including IDFA Android_ID、MAC、OAID、Advertising ID、Serial Number、UAID、ICCID、 Hardware serial number UUID, IDFA, mobile application list, operating system and application version, language settings, unique device identifier, operator network type and other software and hardware feature information. If you refuse to provide device information, you may not be able to use our services properly.
10.2 Log Information: Configuration information provided by device or software information (including your mobile device, web browser, or other programs used to access our services), your IP address, and the version and device identification code used by your mobile device (including IDFA IDFV、 IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID、 AAID、VAID）、 The information searched or browsed while using our services (including the web search terms you use, the URL addresses of social media pages you visit, and other information and content details you browse or request while using our services).
11. Advertising services
In order to provide you with more convenient and personalized information display, search, and push services that meet your needs, we may reasonably send and display commercial services/promotional information, the latest management information on the platform, product content, and other service notifications deemed necessary to inform registered users through phone calls, text messages, internal messages, and resource slots. We strive to ensure your browsing experience. If you do not want to accept the commercial advertisements we send you, you can reply to unsubscribe through SMS prompts or turn them off in the "Message Settings" section by clicking the "Settings" button in the upper right corner of "My".
In some advertising services, in order to enhance the convenience and fun of using the service, some pages require you to shake and shake your mobile device to browse commercial information (such as the prompt "shake" in the open screen advertisement, etc., the actual page prompt shall prevail). In this business scenario, we will collect and use your device sensor information to identify and determine the status of your device in order to provide you with the aforementioned services.
In order to provide you with better service and user experience, we may associate and analyze your collected operation/usage records (including browsing, searching, clicking), purchase records, information you actively provide (reviews, feedback), log information, IP address, location information, device information (including device model, operating system version, device settings, device environment, MAC address, IDFA, OAID device identifier, mobile application list, telecom operator software and hardware feature information) to form a user profile, which is used to recommend products, content, advertisements or services that interest you. We guarantee that we will not provide your profile information to any third party for personalized advertising without your authorization and consent.
If you are not logged in, we will not provide personalized recommendations for you.
12. Sports data synchronization
On the premise of fully informing third-party software (including Apple Sports Health and Huawei Sports Health) of the body data and exercise data types synchronized to Peppermint Health and obtaining your authorization, we will obtain the body data and exercise data generated by you in the third-party software from the third-party software and synchronize it to your Peppermint Health account. After you authorize the data associated with third-party software, Mint Health will automatically synchronize your aforementioned data from the corresponding third-party software. Collecting this type of information is to simplify your record keeping process and better serve you.
Among them, data that may be synchronized from Apple Health includes: step count, walking+running distance, protein, activity energy, dietary energy, water, sleep data, carbohydrates, physical training, body fat percentage, weight, and total fat; The data that may be synchronized from Huawei Sports Health includes step count data, calorie data, exercise record summary, body fat data, sleep data, and can be manually set to synchronize historical data.
If you do not agree with the data association, you can cancel the synchronization in 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Data Synchronization Settings 】. After you cancel the synchronization, we will no longer collect relevant information and will no longer be able to provide you with corresponding services; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization.
13. Member information synchronization function
If you register a peppermint health account, and you have registered a member in any one or more of the official flagship store of peppermint health WeChat applet, Taobao peppermint health official self run store, Tmall peppermint health flagship store, and Tiktok peppermint health official flagship store, and you have bound the same mobile phone number, we will synchronize your order information in the corresponding account of the above platform through your bound mobile phone number (here only limited to order time and order amount), in order to accumulate membership points for you and determine the membership level (specific rules can be understood by viewing the relevant pages), so that you can make more full use of your membership rights. The order information we obtain from the aforementioned platform (limited to order time and amount) will only be used for determining your membership level and calculating membership points. At the same time, we will also synchronize your membership level and points status to your Mint Health membership account on the aforementioned platform, making it easier for you to enjoy your membership benefits more effectively. If you bind the same mobile phone number in your Mint Health account and/or the aforementioned store membership information, it shall be deemed that you agree to authorize Mint Health to obtain corresponding order information from the aforementioned platform based on the mobile phone number you bind (limited to order time and order amount only). If you do not agree, please do not join the aforementioned store membership or bind the same mobile phone number to your relevant information
There will be no synchronization, and you will not be able to enjoy the corresponding benefits, but it will not affect your use of other functions of peppermint health.
14. Other expanded functional services
The photo information you actively take or upload when using the functions of scanning food barcodes, interpreting food ingredients, and taking a photo before meals. If you do not upload, you will not be able to use the relevant functions, but it will not affect your use of other functions of Mint Health.
15. Medication evaluation and medication records
15.1 Conduct exclusive member reviews. The evaluation will collect information on medication name, medication time, medication cycle, dosage, medication reason, current issues, dietary habits, and exercise habits.
15.2 Record your medication use and medication experience. You can freely record according to your own situation.
（3） Permissions obtained by the app
1. Storage permission
(1) READEXT TERNAL_STORGE: When you upload images or videos, with your authorization, our client will encrypt and upload the videos or images you actively upload to the server for external storage; We may collect the software name and version number from your device, encrypt them, and upload them to the server for processing and storage.
(2) Write to external storage: When you download images or videos, with your authorization, we will download them.
You can also refuse/cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. Refusing to provide this permission will only prevent you from using the above functions, but will not affect the normal use of other functions and services of Mint Health; But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization.
2. Album permissions
When you upload existing photos and videos, you can operate by opening the album permission. Our client will encrypt and upload the photos and videos you actively upload to the server for storage. You can also refuse/cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. Refusing to provide this permission will only prevent you from using the above functions, but will not affect the normal use of other functions and services of Mint Health. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect the storage or processing of information based on your previous authorization.
3. Camera permissions
When scanning codes, taking and uploading photos and/or videos, you need to authorize the camera permission on your device. If you refuse to provide permission and content, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Mint Health. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
4. Location permissions
When using our location-based services (smart scale related functions), you need to authorize the device's location permission. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
5. Microphone permission
When using the voice input function, you need to authorize the activation of your microphone permission. If you refuse to provide it, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of peppermint health. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
6. Network permissions
After you grant this permission, the Mint Health APP can access or obtain WLAN and local cellular networks to ensure your normal use of this software. You can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. If you refuse to grant network access, you will not be able to use the Mint platform normally, and we will no longer collect relevant information or provide services to you; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing of information based on your previous authorization.
7. Notification permission
After you grant this permission, we can push you notifications about the use of recording tools, activity notifications, and order information related messages. You can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. If you refuse to grant this permission, you will not be able to receive relevant notifications.
8. Calendar permissions
When you use the vaccine reminder and light fasting reminder functions, you need to authorize the activation of your calendar permissions. If you refuse authorization, you will not be able to use this feature, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Mint Health. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing of information based on your previous authorization.
9. Bluetooth permission
When binding and using smart devices, you need to authorize the permission to enable Bluetooth. If you refuse to provide it, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of peppermint health. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. But when you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with the law, otherwise
Cancelling will not affect the processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
10. Speech recognition permission
When conducting search queries through voice to text conversion, you need to authorize the activation of your voice recognition permission. If you refuse to provide it, it will only prevent you from using the function, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of peppermint health. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
11. Sports and fitness permissions
When you use the step count recording function to synchronize your phone's step count data, you need to authorize your exercise and fitness permissions (only available on Android phones). If you refuse to provide it, it will only prevent you from directly synchronizing your phone's step data when using the step recording function, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Mint Health. At the same time, you can also cancel this permission at any time through the relevant function settings. After you cancel the authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the corresponding services mentioned above; But unless you delete your information in accordance with legal provisions, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of information based on your previous authorization.
You can manage the aforementioned 1-11 permissions in your phone settings.
12. Cutting board permission
Every time you add a shipping address, we request access to your clipboard information. If you agree, we will read the clipboard information and identify the recipient information. You can choose to automatically fill in the corresponding recipient information column with the identified information, so that you can add the recipient information more quickly. If you refuse, we will not read your clipboard information and you can still manually add a shipping address.
（4） Non personal information
We may also collect other information that cannot identify specific individuals and does not belong to personal information, such as statistical data generated when you use specific services. The purpose of collecting such information is to improve the services we provide to you. The type and quantity of information collected depend on how you use our products or services.
（5） Our Promise
1. Please understand that the features and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a feature or service is not mentioned in the above description and has collected your information, we will separately explain the content, scope, and purpose of the information collection to you through page prompts, interaction processes, announcements, and other means to obtain your consent.
2. Please note that we will not proactively obtain your personal information from third parties without your authorization. If we need to indirectly obtain your personal information from a third party for business development in the future, we will inform you of the source, type, and scope of use of your personal information before obtaining it. If the personal information processing activities required for our business exceed the scope of your original authorization and consent when providing personal information to third parties, we will obtain your explicit consent before processing your personal information; In addition, we will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, and require third parties to ensure the legality of the information they provide.
3. We will not transfer or share your personal information with any third party without your consent at any time and under any circumstances.
4. After collecting your personal information, we will promptly anonymize the data through technical means. On the premise of not disclosing your personal information, we have the right to mine, analyze, and utilize the anonymized user database (including commercial use), and have the right to collect statistics on product/service usage and share anonymized statistical information with the public/third parties.
5. We will not display advertisements to you based on sensitive categories such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health status.
6. We will not share information with advertisers that can be used to identify your personal identity, such as your name or email address (except with your authorized consent).
2、 How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Entrusted processing
In order to improve efficiency and reduce costs, we may entrust related parties to handle information on our behalf, such as hiring our related parties to provide us with infrastructure technology services and customer support services. We will require companies, organizations, and individuals entrusted by us to process personal information to comply with strict confidentiality obligations and take effective confidentiality measures through written agreements and on-site audits. We require them to only process your information within the scope of the commission and not use your information for their own interests. We will also supervise the personal information processing activities of the entrusted parties. When the commission contract is not effective, invalid, revoked or terminated, we will require the trustee to return personal information or delete personal information, and shall not retain it.
Our affiliated parties (trustees) include:
1. Authorized partners for in app push services: Push partners may use SDKs (software development kits) in the services we provide, which may access information such as your device platform, device manufacturer used to generate unique push target IDs (CIDs) and device IDs (GIDs), device brand, device model, device identification code, application list information, and network information. These pieces of information are used to create internal user IDs to help us better conduct accurate information push, avoid duplicate delivery of information, and cause information interference to you.
2. Authorized partners for statistical services: Statistical partners may use SDKs (software development kits) in the services we provide, which may access information such as your network type, network information, device information, and IP address. These pieces of information are intended to assist us in analyzing the usage of product features, in order to better improve our products and/or services and enhance your user experience.
（2） Sharing
Except for the personal information we actively collect, the text, photos, and videos you post through the Mint platform, as well as the information uploaded during the use of social networking services, are only stored as data on our servers. According to laws, regulations, and regulatory policies, we will not disclose your information
We collect and use your information for other commercial purposes or information sharing, but when it complies with relevant national laws, regulations, policy requirements, or the requirements of relevant national departments, we will use your information within the scope permitted by law, such as searching and filtering for content that does not comply with laws, regulations, public order and good customs, and submitting information suspected of violating relevant laws and regulations to relevant national departments.
We will not share your personal information with any other company, organization, or individual unless we have obtained your explicit consent. At present, we need your authorization and consent to share in the following situations:
1. Sharing with explicit consent: With your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation, dispute resolution needs, or as required by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law.
3. Only by sharing your information can we achieve the core functions of our products and/or services or provide the services you need. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by this privacy policy.
4. Sharing with our affiliated companies: Your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If affiliated companies want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will seek your authorization and consent again.
5. Shared with authorized partners: Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners solely for the purposes stated in this privacy policy. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. In this case, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements. We will only share your personal information with third parties for legal, legitimate, minimal necessary, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. If a third party changes or processes your personal information beyond the scope of your original consent, we will request the third party to obtain your consent again. We will require companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information to strictly comply with our measures and requirements for data privacy protection, including but not limited to processing personal information in accordance with data protection agreements, commitment letters, and relevant data processing policies to ensure privacy and security. You can refer to the "Third Party Information Sharing List" for detailed information on sharing your personal information with third parties.
At present, our partners include the following types:
(1) Third party SDK partners. We may share your personal information with third-party SDKs (software development kits) or other similar application service providers to ensure the stable operation and functionality of the Mint Health App. You can view detailed information in the "Third Party SDK Directory" section of the "Third Party Information Sharing List".
(2) Suppliers and other partners of goods or technical services. We may share your personal information with third parties who support our functions, including providing us with supply or infrastructure technology services, logistics and delivery services, payment services, and data analysis/processing. The purpose of sharing this information is to achieve the core functions of our products and/or services, such as the need to share your order information with logistics service providers in order to arrange delivery; Alternatively, we may need to share your order number and payment amount with a third-party payment institution to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. You can view detailed information in the "Third Party Partner Catalog" section of the "Third Party Information Sharing List".
(3) Partners in advertising services. We may share processed device information (including device name, device model, operating system and application version, language settings, unique device identifier, operator network type) with partners who entrust us with advertising promotion (hereinafter referred to as the "principal"), for the purpose of analyzing and measuring the effectiveness of advertisements and related services, making advertising or decision recommendations, improving the effective reach of advertisements, and providing you with better quality services. The principal may also use it for user source operational analysis, optimizing advertising placement strategies, or improving their products and services. But we will not provide your personal identification information, or we will aggregate this information so that it does not identify you personally.
6. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to maintain confidentiality and take security measures to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and legal provisions.
（3） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Transfer with your explicit consent; After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. If we need to transfer personal information due to reasons such as merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy liquidation, we will inform you of the name or contact information of the recipient and request that the new company or organization holding your personal information continue to be bound by this personal information protection policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
（4） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. We may publicly disclose your personal information with your explicit consent or based on your voluntary choice.
2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated agreements and rules related to the Mint platform, or to protect the personal and property safety of Mint platform users or the public from infringement, we may disclose personal information about you, including relevant violations and measures taken by the Mint platform against you.
3. We may publicly disclose your personal information in situations where it is required by law, legal procedures, litigation, or government regulatory authorities.
（5） Stop operation
If we cease to operate our products and/or services, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information. We will notify you one by one or send you a notice in the form of an announcement to stop operating, and we will process the personal information related to the products and/or services that have been shut down that we hold
Delete or anonymize according to the provisions of this privacy policy.
（6） The situation where your authorization and consent are exempted in accordance with the law
According to relevant laws, regulations, and national standards, we may disclose and share your personal information without seeking your authorization and consent in the following situations:
1. It is necessary to enter into or perform a contract according to your requirements.
2. Necessary for fulfilling legal duties or obligations (such as providing according to mandatory requirements of laws, regulations, administrative and judicial departments).
3. It is necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations.
4. To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to handle personal information within a reasonable range.
5. Process your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legally disclosed personal information through legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels).
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
3、 How do we store your personal information
（1） Location of information storage
The personal information of users collected during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we do not have any situation of providing your personal information to overseas parties. If it is necessary to conduct cross-border data transmission, we will inform you separately (including the purpose of data export, recipient, method and scope of use, content of use, security measures, security risks, etc.), and obtain your explicit authorization and consent. We will ensure that the data recipient has sufficient data protection capabilities to protect your personal information and strictly comply with applicable laws and regulations.
（2） Duration of Information Storage
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, except in cases where there are mandatory retention requirements under laws and regulations. For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction.
(1) To complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
(2) Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
(3) Do you agree to a longer retention period;
(4) According to the relevant requirements of the statute of limitations for litigation;
(5) Is there any other special agreement or legal regulation regarding the retention period.
After exceeding the retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws.
4、 How do we protect your personal information
（1） We have implemented industry standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, we provide HTTPS secure browsing for our website; We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information related data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
（2） We have completed the evaluation requirements and obtained registration in accordance with the national network security level protection requirement of level three. We have taken industry standard and reasonable security measures to protect your information, including but not limited to network firewalls, encrypted transmission, encrypted storage, de identification or anonymization processing, desensitization display, access control measures, and host network isolation.
（3） We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that unrelated personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless an extension of the retention period is required or permitted by law.
（4） We will take effective measures to ensure your information security, but please understand that due to technical restrictions and possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security of information. The system and communication network you use to access Peppermint Health may experience issues due to factors beyond the controllable range of Peppermint Health. Therefore, you should take proactive measures to protect the security of personal information, such as using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing personal information such as your account password to others.
（5） The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us. If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
（6） After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
（7） Account security risk prevention:
Please protect your personal information properly and do not disclose your login password or account information to others unless necessary. You can set a unique password for your Mint Health account to prevent password leakage from other websites from endangering your account security on the Mint platform. Please do not disclose the verification code you received to anyone (including those claiming to be customer service representatives of the Mint platform) at any time. If you log in on others' mobile phones or public Internet terminals, please log out in time when the use is over.
5、 Your rights
According to relevant laws, regulations, standards in China, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
（1） Visit your personal
Human Information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. The specific setting method is as follows:
Account Information - You can access, modify, and manage your avatar, nickname, account password, bound phone number, and third-party account in the "Account Settings" section by clicking the "Settings" button in the upper right corner of "My".
Message Settings - You can access, modify, and manage your message reception settings in the "Message Settings" section by clicking the "Settings" button in the upper right corner of "My".
Basic Information - You can view, modify, and manage your basic information and other data in 【 My 】 - 【 Basic Information 】.
Order Information - You can view, delete, and manage your order information in 【 My 】 - 【 Orders 】.
Delivery Information - You can view, modify, and delete your delivery information by clicking on the "Delivery Address" button in the upper right corner of "My".
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or agreed upon in agreements, your above actions will generally take effect immediately after you complete the modification or deletion. But modifying avatars and nicknames requires our backend approval before they can take effect.
If you are unable to access the relevant personal information through the above methods, you can contact us at any time in 【 My 】 - 【 Envelope in the upper right corner 】 - 【 Customer Service Message 】, or contact us according to the methods specified in Article 9 of Part 2 of this policy. We will reply to your request within 15 days.
For other personal information generated during your use of our features or services, as long as we do not require excessive investment, we will provide it to you. If you wish to exercise your data access rights, please send an email to privacy@boohee.com .
（2） Correct your personal information
When you discover errors in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to request us to make corrections. You can submit a correction request through the methods listed in "(1) Accessing Your Personal Information", and the correction will take effect immediately after completion.
If you are unable to correct these personal information through the above methods, you can contact us at any time in 【 My 】 - 【 Envelope in the upper right corner 】 - 【 Customer Service Message 】, or contact us according to the method specified in Article 9 of Part 2 of this policy. We will reply to your correction request within 15 days.
（3） Delete your personal information
In the following situations, you can request us to delete your personal information:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
3. If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account;
5. If we no longer provide you with products or services.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or if these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete it when the backup is updated.
（4） Change the scope of your authorized consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For the collection and use of additional personal information, you may give or revoke your authorization and consent at any time.
You can change the scope of your authorized consent by modifying the authorization items in the personal settings of the device, and your actions will take effect immediately.
Depending on the scope of your withdrawal of consent, it may result in you being unable to continue using our products or services. After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information according to your choice. But your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
If you want to withdraw your consent and authorization to this policy while using Mint Health, you can go to the "Account Settings" - "Withdrawal of Privacy Policy Authorization" button in the upper right corner of "My" to decide whether to change your authorization behavior. But when you cancel this authorization, we will no longer collect or process your personal information, nor can we provide you with corresponding services. At the same time, we will delete all your personal information. Unless you register your account again, you will not be able to continue using Mint Health. Please proceed with caution.
（5） Personal Information Subject Account Cancellation
We provide you with the permission to cancel your account. You can cancel your account at any time. You can go to the "Account Settings" - "Cancel Account" button in the upper right corner of "My" to operate it yourself. Your account will be immediately cancelled, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or this agreement. You can choose to cancel your Mint Health account or only cancel the Mint Health APP account service. For details, please refer to the "Account Cancellation Agreement". Before you choose to cancel your account, please carefully read the relevant prompts and instructions on the cancellation page. Once your account is cancelled, it cannot be restored, and you will no longer be able to continue using the functions or services of the relevant products and automatically give up your existing rights. Therefore, please proceed with caution. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, after account cancellation, we will delete your relevant personal information or anonymize it.
（6） Personal information subject obtains a copy of personal information
You have the right to copy your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. You can contact us using the methods specified in Article 11 of Part 2 of this policy, and we will respond to your request for a copy within 15 days.
On the premise of technical feasibility, if the data interface is matched, we can also directly transmit the following types of information copies to the third party you specify according to your requirements:
1. Your basic information
2. The information you recorded through the recording tool
（7） Personalized Content Management
（8） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
（9） In response to your above request
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request, and the processing time generally does not exceed fifteen days. In case of special circumstances, we may extend the processing time. You can contact us by phone
400-110-0690 for details. If you are not satisfied, you can also file a complaint with the consumer rights protection department or file a lawsuit with the competent people's court.
In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request:
1. Related to our obligations under laws and regulations;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. There is sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of power;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' significant legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
7. Responding to your request will result in serious harm to your or other individuals' or organizations' legitimate rights and interests;
8. Involving trade secrets;
9. Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
6、 Third party product/service providers
For the convenience of your access and to enhance your experience, there may be products or services provided by third parties. You can choose whether to access such content or links, or whether to use the third-party's products or services. But we do not have control over the products or services provided by third parties. We cannot control any personal information held by third parties about you. The issue of information protection when using third-party products or services does not apply to the management of this policy. This policy also does not apply to any information that you choose to provide to third parties. Please review the privacy protection policy of this third party.
7、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
（1） Cookie
To ensure the normal operation of the website, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store your preferences or product data in your shopping basket.
（2） Website beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags on our website. For example, the email we send you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your features or service preferences and improve customer service. A website beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email. By using pixel tags in emails, we can determine whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
（3） Do Not Track
Many web browsers have the DoNotTrack feature, which can publish DoNotTrack requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has enabled DoNotTrack, we will respect your choice.
8、 How do we handle the personal information of minors
We are well aware of the importance of protecting the information of minors, and we only provide services to adults who are over 18 years old. We will not intentionally collect any personal information from minors. Minors under the age of 18 are not allowed to create their own peppermint health accounts. If you are a minor, please immediately stop your registration/use behavior. We do not assume any responsibility for not complying with this requirement.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to take appropriate measures to prevent minors under the age of 18 from using this application.
When you use the baby profile related functions, we will only collect personal information of minors that you voluntarily provide as a parent or guardian. We will not collect personal information of minors other than the information you voluntarily provide. We will only use, share, transfer, or disclose personal information of minors when permitted by law, with the consent of guardians, or when necessary to protect minors. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without your prior consent, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities, we only store personal information of minors for the purposes stated in this policy and for the shortest possible period of time. If we terminate our services or operations, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting personal information of minors. At the same time, we will comply with relevant laws and regulations and notify you in advance. After terminating our services or operations, we will delete or anonymize the personal information of minors, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities.
For personal information of children under the age of 14 that may be involved, this information is considered sensitive personal information. We further take the following measures to protect it:
(1) For the personal information of children that we collect, in addition to complying with the provisions of this privacy policy, we will also adhere to the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security protection, and lawful use, strictly follow the requirements of laws and regulations for storage, use, and disclosure, and will not exceed the period necessary to achieve the purpose of collection and use. After expiration, we will delete or anonymize the personal information of children. We will designate a dedicated person to be responsible for the protection of children's personal information.
(2) You have the right to access and correct the personal information of children you provide at any time, and you can also request correction and deletion from us. If you have any opinions, suggestions, complaints, or reports regarding children's personal information, please contact us and we will provide assistance at any time.
(3) You can click on the 'Guidelines for the Protection of Children's Personal Information' to view detailed content.
We are well aware of the importance of protecting the information of minors, and we only provide services to adults who are over 18 years old. We will not intentionally collect any personal information from minors. Minors under the age of 18 are not allowed to create their own peppermint health accounts. If you are a minor, please immediately stop your registration/use behavior. We do not assume any responsibility for not complying with this requirement.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to take appropriate measures to prevent minors under the age of 18 from using this application.
When you use the baby profile related functions, we will only collect personal information of minors that you voluntarily provide as a parent or guardian. We will not collect personal information of minors other than the information you voluntarily provide. We will only use, share, transfer, or disclose personal information of minors when permitted by law, with the consent of guardians, or when necessary to protect minors. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without your prior consent, we will try our best to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities, we only store personal information of minors for the purposes stated in this policy and for the shortest possible period of time. If we terminate our services or operations, we will promptly cease the activity of collecting personal information of minors. At the same time, we will comply with relevant laws and regulations and notify you in advance. After terminating our services or operations, we will delete or anonymize the personal information of minors, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities.
For personal information of children under the age of 14 that may be involved, this information is considered sensitive personal information. We further take the following measures to protect it:
(1) For the personal information of children that we collect, in addition to complying with the provisions of this privacy policy, we will also adhere to the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security protection, and lawful use, strictly follow the requirements of laws and regulations for storage, use, and disclosure, and will not exceed the period necessary to achieve the purpose of collection and use. After expiration, we will delete or anonymize the personal information of children. We will designate a dedicated person to be responsible for the protection of children's personal information.
(2) You have the right to access and correct the personal information of children you provide at any time, and you can also request correction and deletion from us. If you have any opinions, suggestions, complaints, or reports regarding children's personal information, please contact us and we will provide assistance at any time.
(3) You can click on the 'Guidelines for the Protection of Children's Personal Information' to view detailed content.
9、 How can your personal information be transferred globally
In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China, except in the following circumstances:
1. The applicable laws have clear provisions;
2. Obtain your explicit authorization.
In response to the above situation, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this privacy policy and relevant laws and regulations.
10、 How to update this privacy policy
Our personal information protection policy may change. You can view the update records and historical versions of this privacy policy by clicking on "Historical Versions".
Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this personal information protection policy. We will post any changes made to this policy on this page.
For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including for certain services, we will send notifications through online announcements, system notifications, etc., explaining the specific changes in personal information protection policies).
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
If you do not accept the updated privacy policy, you may refuse to accept the changed privacy policy and stop using the services or features we provide when the policy is updated. But your decision to refuse consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
11、 How to contact us
If you have any concerns about this privacy policy
