1. Introduction;
2. The legal basis for our processing of personal information;
3. How we collect and use your personal information;
4. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information;
5. How do we protect your personal information;
6. Your right to manage personal information;
7. The notifications we send out;
8. Storage of personal information and cross-border transmission of information;
9. How do we use cookies and other tracking technologies;
10. How do we handle personal information of minors;
11. How to update this guideline;
12. How to contact us;
13. Dispute resolution;
14. Noun explanation.
1. Introduction
This guideline applies to Tujia Online Information Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as "us") that provide Tujia Minshu App software products and services (collectively referred to as "Tujia Minshu"). Our address is 5L11, Building 9, Zone 4, Ronghui Business Park, Binhai Zhongguancun Science and Technology Park, Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Zone.
If you have any questions, you can call our customer service at 400-188-1234 to contact us. You can also send your questions to the following address:
Legal Department, 19th Floor, VIA Building, No. 29 Suzhou Street, Haidian District, Beijing (received)
Normally, we will reply within fifteen working days after verifying your identity.
[Special Reminder]
Please carefully read and fully understand this guide before using our products and/or services. We have highlighted the key content in bold and hope you will pay special attention to it. Once you use or continue to use Tu Jia Min Su products/services, it means that you agree to us processing your relevant information in accordance with these guidelines. If you have any questions about this guide, you can contact us through the contact method/customer service system provided on the Tujia Minshu Official App and in the "How to Contact Us" section of this guide.
In order to facilitate your understanding of the relevant concepts in this guide, we have underlined proprietary terms and provided detailed explanations in Section 14 "Noun Explanation" of this guide.
We may occasionally revise the "Privacy Protection Guidelines for Tujia Homestay". When there are changes to the 'Tujia Homestay Privacy Protection Guidelines', we will display the updated content to you in the form of push notifications, pop ups, etc. after the version update.
Please note that we will only collect, use, process, and store your personal information in accordance with the updated "Tujia Minshu Privacy Protection Guidelines" after you confirm your agreement to the changes; You can choose not to agree, and we offer you the ability to browse as a 'tourist', but this may result in you not being able to fully utilize the services and features of Tujia Homestay.
2. Legal basis for processing personal information by Tujia Minshu
If you are a user in the mainland region of the People's Republic of China, we will collect and use your personal information in accordance with the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification (GB/T 35273-2020), and other relevant laws and regulations to provide you with Tujia accommodation products and/or services. We usually only collect your personal information with your consent. In some cases, we may also collect personal information from you based on legal obligations or necessary contractual obligations, or may require personal information to protect your important interests or the interests of others.
3. How do we collect and use your personal information
We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality, and necessity to collect and use personal information that you voluntarily provide or generate as a result of using Tujia Homestay products and/or services for the following purposes as described in this guideline. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this guide, or use the collected information for other purposes based on specific purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your separate consent again before use.
When you use our products/services, you need/can choose to authorize us to collect and use personal information in the following situations:
(1) In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products/services, you need to authorize us to collect and use necessary information. If you refuse to provide the necessary information mentioned above, you will not be able to use our products/services normally;
(2) In order to provide you with additional features of our products/services, you may choose to authorize us to collect and use information. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions or achieve the intended functional effects, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products/services.
3.1 Help you become our online user
3.1.1 Register an account. When you register and log in to your Tujia Minshu account, you need to provide us with the following information: account name, avatar (if any), and phone number (for real name authentication during booking). After providing the above information and agreeing to the "Tujia Minzhu Service Agreement" and this guideline, you can use Tujia Minzhu's core business functions, including browsing the content on the Tujia Minzhu platform and booking properties. If you choose not to provide the necessary information for implementing the core business functions of Tujia Minzhu or for using certain types of functions, it will result in us being unable to provide you with that function.
3.1.2 When you log in to your account, if you choose to log in to the Tujia homestay platform through a third-party account (depending on the access system, you can choose to include WeChat, QQ, Apple, Alipay, etc. among the PC end, IOS client, and Android client), after you agree to this policy, we will obtain the third-party account information (avatar, nickname, and other personal information authorized by you on the page) that you are authorized to share from the third party, and bind your third-party account with your Tujia homestay account, so that you can directly log in and use our services through the third-party account. We will use your personal information in accordance with agreements with third parties and in compliance with relevant regulations. When you use the one click login service provided by the telecom operator, the telecom operator will share relevant information with us based on the service agreement confirmed when you use the service
.
Please note that when you log in to the Tujia Homestay platform for the first time using a third-party account (including the first login after unbinding the third-party account), in order to ensure compliance with legal requirements and protect the security of your account, we will still require you to provide your phone number to verify your true identity. At the same time, we will bind the third-party account with the Tujia Homestay account based on the phone number you provide. You can bind or unbind your associated third-party account at any time through "Settings" ->"Account Association". Your unbinding will not affect the basic functions of using the Tujia Homestay platform.
3.1.3 Personal Information. After logging into the Tujia Homestay APP, you can complete your other personal information in 【 My 】 - 【 Avatar 】/【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Account and Security 】 - 【 Personal Profile 】. Including: gender, age, hometown, city, education, industry, interests and hobbies. This type of information is mainly used for IM communication, where the landlord can view the basic information you have edited and have a better understanding of you. If you do not wish to display the corresponding information, you can delete it yourself at that location.
3.1.4 Mailing address. After logging into the Tujia Homestay APP, you can add your mailing address in 【 My 】 - 【 Common Information 】 - 【 My Mailing Address 】. This type of address information is mainly used to mail invoices or other receipts, prizes to you. You can edit and modify the mailing address information by yourself. If you do not wish to display this information, you can delete it at that location. The aforementioned information is sensitive information, and if you refuse to provide it, delivery may not be completed.
If you need to issue a paper or electronic invoice, you also need to provide invoicing information including invoice header, email, recipient, mobile phone number, and delivery address information. If a value-added tax special invoice needs to be issued, the company address, company phone number, bank name, and bank account number must also be provided. The aforementioned information is sensitive information, and if you refuse to provide it, it may not be possible to issue an invoice.
3.2 Browsing, following, and bookmarking functions
The content you can browse includes property information, discount information, landlord information, and related activity information; During the browsing process, you can also follow and bookmark the properties that interest you. For this purpose, we may collect device information when you use Tujia Residence, such as device model, IMEI/IMSI, operating system, resolution, and telecom operator related software and hardware information. We may also collect your browser type to provide you with the best way to display information. In addition, during the process of using the browsing and bookmarking functions, we will automatically collect detailed information about your use of Tujia Homestay and save it as relevant online logs, including but not limited to the search keywords and links you enter, the content and comments you browse and bookmark, your transaction information, the language you use, the date and time of your visit, as well as the log in records, operating system, software version number, and login IP information you request.
3.3 Comment function
After registering as a user of Tujia Minzhu and actually making reservations and staying, you/actual resident can post comments on the Tujia Minzhu platform regarding the property. You/actual resident can also comment, agree, and thank others for their answers. During this process, we may collect your device information, browser type, and blog information.
3.4 Provide you with additional business functions for Tujia Minzhu products and/or services
In order to provide you with better quality products and services, we may need to collect the following information. If you refuse to provide the following information, it will not affect your normal use of the Tujia Minzhu core business functions described in items 3.1-3.3, but we cannot provide you with certain specific functions and services.
3.4.1 Positioning function. When you enable the device location function and use the location-based services provided by Tujia Minzhu, we collect information about your location to view nearby properties during search.
3.4.2 Search function. When you use the search function provided by Tujia Minzhu, we will collect keyword information you have searched for, as well as other information and content details you have viewed or requested while using Tujia Minzhu services. In order to provide you with more convenient search services and continuously improve Tujia Minshu products and/or services, we may use browser network storage mechanisms (including HTML5) and application data caching to collect information from your device and store it locally. These keyword information usually cannot individually identify your personal identity and do not belong to your personal information, which is not within the scope of this guideline. Only when your search keyword information is linked to your other information and can identify your personal identity, during the combined use period, we will treat your search keyword information as your personal information and process and protect it together with your search history in accordance with this guideline.
3.4.3 Identity authentication services. Tujia Minshu provides identity authentication services, and after verifying the authenticity of your personal information, will mark the authentication mark for you. Therefore, when you apply for Tujia ⺠⾏⾏ identity authentication for you, we need to collect your name, ID number number, and information about your identity certificate to verify your personal identity, and verify your personal information when you book your house.
3.4.4 Customer Service. When you file a complaint, appeal or consult with Tujia Minshu, in order to contact you or help you solve the problem, we may need you to provide your name, phone number, email and other personal information of the contact method. If you refuse to provide the above information, we may not be able to provide you with timely feedback on the results of your complaint, appeal, or consultation.
3.4.5 Targeted Push. We will conduct feature analysis and user profiling on your preferences, habits, and location based on the collected information, in order to provide you with more suitable targeted recommendations, such as pushing you more relevant PUSH messages and text messages. For this purpose, the information we need to collect includes your device information, browser model, blog information, and browsing history. If you do not need related push notifications, you can turn off the relevant settings. The specific operation path to turn off is: 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Recommendation Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Information Recommendation 】.
3.4.6 Payment function. You can book a property at Tujia Minzhu and pay for consultation. When you use this feature
During the process, payment may be required. During the payment process, we may collect your third-party payment account (such as Alipay account, Apple Pay account, or other forms of bank card information). If you have activated fingerprint payment, we may also need to collect your biometric information for payment verification.
3.4.7 Marketing Activities. We will hold online or offline marketing activities from time to time, including inviting users to parties, sand parties, and other events, or users actively participating in lottery activities on the Tujia Minshu Station. In this type of marketing activity, we require users to provide identification or shipping information so that we can provide ticketing services or send gifts. In cases where Tujia Minshu pays you for taxes, we may need to collect your identity information for tax payment purposes.
3.5 Requires access to your device permissions
In order to provide you with better products and services, we need to obtain the following device permissions. You can choose whether to turn off this feature on your own. If you choose to turn it off, we will not be able to provide you with the corresponding features and services.
3.6 We may indirectly obtain your personal information from third parties
3.6.1.  When you log in to Tujia Minshu using a third-party account (WeChat, Weibo), you can choose to authorize Tujia Minshu to read and obtain the public information (including nickname, avatar) that you register, publish, and record on the third-party platform, subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
3.6.2 Tujia Homestay requires your authorization to obtain the above information from a third party in order to remember your login identity as a Tujia Homestay user and provide you with better products and/or services, as detailed in sections 3.2-3.4. We will only collect and use your personal information within the scope of your authorized consent. After you register or log in with your third-party account, your third-party account will be linked to your Tujia Homestay account.
3.7 Sensitive Information
Before providing any personal information that belongs to sensitive information to Tujia Minshu, please carefully consider whether such provision is appropriate and agree that your personal sensitive information may be processed in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this guideline. We will collect and use your sensitive information with your consent to achieve functions related to Tujia Minshu's business, and allow you to make choices about the collection and use of this sensitive information. However, refusing to use this information will affect your use of related functions. Personal sensitive information will be displayed in red and bold in the privacy policy, and users will be reminded to view it in a prominent manner.
3.8 Special Instructions for Collecting and Using Your Personal Information
3.8.1 Generally speaking, Tujia Homestay collects and uses your personal information for the following purposes:
(1) To provide you with services: We use your personal data to complete and manage your online bookings. In addition, we will also provide you with relevant products and services through affiliated companies, business partners, and third parties.
(2) Account Management: You can create an account through Tujia Homestay website. We will use the information you provide to manage your account and provide you with a series of practical functions. You can use your account to perform various operations, such as managing orders, adjusting personal settings, adding frequently used passenger information, viewing historical order information, order reviews, payment management, etc.
(3) Reply to your inquiries and requests: We provide customer service to assist you when you need it.
(4) Marketing activities: We will also use your information for legitimate and lawful marketing activities, such as sending you the latest news about products or services, providing you with personalized recommendations that you may be interested in, and other promotional activities.
(5) Contact you: reply to and handle your questions or requests, send information related to the order (such as successful order submission prompts, reminders for unfinished orders to continue, etc.), we may also send you surveys or invite you to provide feedback on our services.
(6) Market research: We sometimes invite you to participate in market research to measure your interest in our products, services, and website.
(7) Data analysis: We may use your order data for analysis to form a user profile, so that we can understand your location, preferences, and demographic information, or match it with data from other sources (including third parties), in order to develop our products, services, or marketing plans and improve our services.
(8) Control credit risk: In order to ensure transaction security and control credit risk, Tujia Homestay and its affiliated companies and business partners may conduct data analysis on user information and commercially utilize the above analysis results.
(9) Daily operations: including but not limited to order management, customer verification, technical support, network maintenance, troubleshooting, internal administrative affairs and internal policies and procedures, generating internal reports, etc.
(10) Security guarantee: In order to improve the security of your use of products and services, we may use your information for identity verification, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, and safeguarding the personal safety of users, in order to prevent, detect, investigate fraud, endanger security, illegal or violate our agreements, policies or rules, laws and regulations, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users, Tujia Homestay and its affiliates, partners, and the public.
(11) Phone monitoring: When you answer and make calls to our customer service, it may be recorded. We may use call recordings to monitor the quality of our customer service, check the accuracy of the information you provide to prevent fraud, or for the purpose of training our internal personnel. The recording will be automatically deleted after being retained for a period of time, unless it is necessary for the scene to be retained due to compliance requirements or legitimate interests.
(12) Fulfilling obligations: Handling insurance claims and payments under relevant policies, handling commissions paid to partners or filing claims or recovering payments for losses caused to service partners.
(13) Other legal purposes: We may need to use your information to process and resolve legal disputes, or to comply with any laws, regulations, or regulatory documents that are binding on us, in order to cooperate with national departments or regulatory agencies in investigating and complying with legal regulations.
(14) In addition, we may do so for other purposes
Collect, use, and disclose your personal information, and inform you through revising this statement.
(15) If we want to change the purpose of processing personal information, we will inform you through internal push notifications or other means.
3.8.2 We will conduct comprehensive statistics, analysis and processing of your information. We may provide you with marketing activity notifications, commercial electronic information or advertisements that you may be interested in based on the aforementioned information. While enjoying the various services provided by Tujia Homestay, you authorize and agree to receive commercial information from Tujia Homestay through email, mail, SMS, phone contact, and other means, including but not limited to the latest product information, promotional information, etc. If you choose not to accept various information services provided by Tujia Homestay, you can choose to refuse such information services according to the methods we prompt (any necessary fees such as information service fees, call fees, browsing fees, etc. incurred due to sending relevant notifications or similar operations will be borne by you). If there are any problems during the operation, you can contact the customer service of Tujia Homestay.
3.8.3 If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, for example, when you order products/services for others through the Tujia Homestay platform, you need to submit the personal information of the actual purchaser, or if the information you voluntarily upload, publish or share through the Tujia Homestay platform involves the personal information of other users, in the above situation, before providing this personal information to the Tujia Homestay platform, you must ensure that you have obtained my consent and that they are aware of and accept this policy. If it involves personal information of children, you need to obtain the consent of the corresponding child guardian in advance. Unless there are exceptions to obtaining authorized consent (see "3. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information" in this policy), we will obtain your separate consent in a reasonable manner for the processing of sensitive personal information in certain scenarios in accordance with legal regulations and national standards. The specific individual consent method shall be subject to the display on the specific functional page.
3.8.4 If we use the information for purposes not specified in this policy, or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your authorization and consent again.
3.8.5 We may obtain your relevant information collected from third parties such as affiliated companies and business partners who provide services to you. For example, when you make a reservation through our affiliated companies, business partner websites, and their mobile applications, the booking information you provide to them may be forwarded to us so that we can process your order and ensure a smooth booking. We will require the third party to explain the source of your personal information and confirm the legality and compliance of these sources before collecting it, in accordance with the agreement with the third party, and understand the scope of authorization and consent for the third party to collect your personal information. If the purpose of collecting and using your information exceeds the scope of authorization obtained by a third party, we will process your personal information on our own or request the third party to obtain your consent before processing it.
3.8.6 Exceptions to Obtaining Authorization Consent
You are fully aware that, in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, we do not require your authorization or consent to collect and use your personal information in the following situations:
a. Necessary to fulfill the legal duties or obligations of Tujia Homestay;
b. Related to national security and defense security;
c. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
d. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
e. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;
f. In emergency situations, to safeguard your or other individuals' life, health, and property safety;
g. The collected personal information is the personal information that the personal information subject voluntarily discloses to the public or other legally disclosed personal information;
h. Collecting your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
i. To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range; Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the provided products or services, such as detecting and handling product or service failures;
j. Academic research institutions conduct statistical or academic research necessary for the public interest, and when providing results of academic research or descriptions to external parties, they de identify the personal information contained in the results;
k. Other circumstances stipulated by laws, regulations, and national standards.
Please be informed that, according to applicable laws, if we take technical and other necessary measures to process personal information that makes it impossible for the data recipient to re identify a specific individual and cannot be restored, the use of such processed data does not require further notice to you and your consent.
4. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4.1 Sharing and Providing
4.1.1 Handling principles
We may share your order information, account information, device information, and location information with third parties such as partners to ensure the smooth completion of the services we provide to you. But we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, honest, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. We will evaluate the legality, legitimacy, and necessity of third-party collection of your personal information, and require the third party to process your personal information within the scope of your authorization and consent, take necessary information management measures and technical means, and prevent the consequences of your personal information leakage, damage, loss, tampering, etc. Third parties have no right to use the shared personal information of you for any other purpose. If they want to change the purpose or method of processing personal information, they will re authorize your consent.
4.1.2 Individual Consent
Unless there are exceptions to obtaining authorized consent (see "3 How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information" in this policy), we will, in accordance with laws, regulations, and national standards, take reasonable measures to obtain your separate consent for the sharing and provision of personal information in certain scenarios other than those mentioned above. However, regardless of whether your separate consent is required, we will clearly inform you in a reasonable manner of the specific third-party supplier information that provides you with the products/services involved, as well as the purpose, method, and type of processing of your personal information
For example, when you are preparing to order some products/services on the Tujia Homestay platform, we will inform you of the above information through the "Personal Information Authorization Statement" on the "Order Submission Page" before you place your order, and if necessary, obtain your separate consent to authorize Tujia Homestay to provide your personal information to you. Please refer to the specific product/service order page for the specific form of individual consent.
4.1.3 Our partners include the following types (including entities within and outside of China):
a. Affiliated companies: Your personal information may be shared among our affiliated companies. We will only share necessary personal information, and this sharing is subject to the objectives stated in this guideline. If the affiliated company wants to change the processing purpose of personal information, it will seek your authorization and consent again;
b. Authorized partners: In order to provide you with more comprehensive and high-quality products and services, some of our services will be provided by authorized partners, and we may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, when Tujia Homestay sends gifts to you, Tujia Minshu needs to share your personal information with the logistics service provider in order to arrange for delivery. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary for providing services. At the same time, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with our partners, requiring them to handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions, this guideline, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. If you refuse our partners to collect personal information necessary for providing services, it may result in you being unable to use the third-party service at Tujia Homestay.
Currently, our authorized partners include the following types:
(1) Authorized partners for advertising and analysis services. Unless we obtain your permission, we will not share your personal identity information (referring to information that can identify you, such as name or email) with partners who provide advertising and analysis services. For advertising partners, we may provide them with information about their advertising coverage and effectiveness, but we will not provide your personal identification information, or we may anonymize this information so that it does not recognize you personally. For partners who analyze data, in order to better analyze the usage of Tujia residents, we may provide them with data on the number, regional distribution, and activity of Tujia residents. However, we will only provide these partners with statistical information that cannot identify individual identities (such as "a 25-year-old male located in Beijing who enjoys software development");
(2) Suppliers, service providers, and other partners. We share information with suppliers, service providers, and other partners who hold our business globally (such as communication service providers who send emails or push notifications on our behalf, location data shared with map service providers who assist us and you, and account names and avatar image data provided to service providers who provide facial recognition). The use of this information is subject to the following restrictions:
-Assist us in providing services to you;
-Assist us in achieving the goals outlined in the section "Providing You with Products and/or Services" above;
-To fulfill our responsibilities and exercise our rights in accordance with the Tujia Homestay Service Agreement or this guideline, and/or assist in understanding and improving the services provided by Tujia Homestay;
-Provide technical infrastructure services, analyze the usage methods of our services, measure the effectiveness of advertising and services, facilitate payment, or conduct academic research and surveys
Please note that for the purpose of preventing and detecting fraud among business partners and affiliated companies, we may also cautiously provide [insert shared personal information types]. The provision of these personal information will undergo strict internal security assessments and approvals, and the purpose of using this information will be limited by signing corresponding agreements.
4.2 Third party SDK
4.2.1 In order for you to receive information push notifications, log in and share information on third-party platforms, use third-party payments, use map services, use facial recognition authentication functions, and achieve one click login of mobile phone numbers and other services and functions, our application will embed software tool development kits (hereinafter referred to as "SDKs") or similar applications from authorized partners. We use these SDKs through interface calls provided by the operating system. The names, providers, purposes and categories of collecting personal information of these third-party software tool development kits (SDKs) can be queried by accessing the details page of the third-party software tool development kits (SDKs)
4.2.2 Please note that the developer documentation or personal information protection policy/privacy policy pages in the above links are produced and published by the corresponding SDK developers/providers. The relevant SDK developers/providers may make changes or adjustments to the links and linked webpage content within the scope permitted by law. Please refer to the latest published links and linked webpage content by the relevant SDK developers/providers. Due to some SDK developers/providers not providing online documentation, we are unable to provide links to all third-party SDK development documents or corresponding personal information protection policies/privacy policies.
4.2.3 We will conduct strict security technology testing and access control on the SDK of authorized partners. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information of you for any other purpose. If they want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they should seek your authorization and consent again.
4.3 Information Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization separately in advance;
(2) According to applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
(3) In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, or other reasons that require the transfer of your personal information, we will inform you of the name and contact information of the receiving company or organization before officially transferring the information, and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this guideline. If this guideline
If there is any change in the collection and processing of personal information as agreed in the agreement, the company or organization will seek your consent again.
4.4 Commissioned Handling
In order to improve information processing efficiency, reduce information processing costs, or enhance information processing accuracy, we may entrust affiliated companies with professional technical capabilities or external service providers other than Tujia to process your personal information. We will sign a delegated processing agreement with the entrusted party, specifying the purpose, deadline, processing method, types of personal information, protection measures, and other contents of the delegated processing. We will supervise the entrusted party's information processing activities. If the entrusted relationship is not effective, invalid, revoked or terminated, we will require the entrusted party to return or delete your personal information (including but not limited to the original information or copies, abstracts, etc. obtained through entrusted processing), and shall not retain them. Without your authorization and consent, we prohibit the trustee from entrusting others to process your personal information.
4.5 Public Disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
(1) According to your needs, with your separate consent, disclose the personal information you have specified in accordance with the disclosure method you agree to;
(2) In cases where it is necessary to provide your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your personal information based on the required type and disclosure method. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of the aforementioned information, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters.
5. How do we protect your personal information
Your personal information security is of utmost importance to us. We will strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, take reasonable and feasible measures recognized by the industry, and protect your personal information. Prevent unauthorized access to personal information, as well as the leakage, tampering, and loss of personal information.
5.1 Technical Measures and Data Security Measures
5.1.1 We strive to adopt various physical, electronic, and management security measures that comply with industry standards to protect your personal information security. We actively establish a data classification and grading system, data security management standards, and data security development standards to manage and standardize the storage and use of personal information, ensuring that personal information unrelated to the services we provide is not collected.
5.1.2 We have implemented strict management for employees who may receive your personal information, clarifying their operational permissions, and establishing strict approval mechanisms for important information operations such as data access, external transmission and use, anonymization, and decryption. We have also taken measures such as signing confidentiality agreements and conducting regular information security training to enhance employees' awareness of data protection and develop good work habits.
5.1.3 We have implemented security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide, prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, and prevent data damage or loss. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, when exchanging data (such as SIM card information) between your browser and Tujia Minshu, it is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing methods for the websites mentioned in the "Introduction" section of this guideline; We will use encryption technology, sensitive information desensitization technology, etc. to ensure the confidentiality of data; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on our data.
5.2 Security incident handling
5.2.1 We will make every effort to ensure the security of any information you send to us, but please understand that due to technological limitations and various malicious methods that may exist in the internet industry, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may experience issues due to factors beyond our control. To prevent the occurrence of safety accidents, we have developed appropriate warning mechanisms and emergency plans. If a personal information security incident unfortunately occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your own suggestions for preventing and reducing risks, and the remedial measures for you, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will also immediately activate emergency plans to minimize losses. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through phone calls, push notifications, and other means. When it is difficult to inform users one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements.
5.2.2 In the event of an unfortunate personal information security incident, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with legal requirements. We will inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to publish an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
6. Your right to manage personal information
We highly value your attention to personal information and make every effort to protect your rights to access, correct, delete, and withdraw consent to personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to safeguard your privacy and security. Your rights include:
6.1 Accessing, correcting, and deleting your personal information
6.1.1 Log in to the Tujia Homestay application, go to the personal center and click on "My" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" to correct or delete the personal information that has been filled in.
(1) Delete or change personal information, including gender, birthday, hometown, city, educational background, industry, interests, etc;
(2) Change or delete the uploaded avatar;
(3) Change the retained phone number;
(4) Change or delete email address;
(5) Change login password;
(6) Delete or modify common information - check-in information;
(7) Delete or change commonly used information - mailing address;
(8) Delete or modify invoicing information;
6.1.2 If the above settings still cannot meet your needs for changing or deleting personal information, you can call 400-188
-1234 initiates a request, and we will promptly respond and process your request. But please also be aware that once the above deletion request is responded to, when you delete information from our service, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete this information when the backup is updated.
6.2 Withdrawal of Agreed Authorization
You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting your personal information, disabling device functions, modifying personal settings, and other methods.
You can also revoke all authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account. If you need to cancel your Tujia Homestay account, you can call 400-188-1234 and have it verified by customer service to complete the account cancellation. Alternatively, you can log in to the Tujia Homestay mobile client, enter the personal center, click on "My" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" - "Cancel Account", view the cancellation instructions, and submit an account cancellation application.
6.2.1 Withdrawal of consent through mobile phone settings
(1) IOS system
You can find "Tujia Homestay" in the "Settings" section of the device and directly choose to disable the corresponding access permissions for "Tujia Homestay", including location, photos, camera, microphone, contacts, Siri and search, notifications, backend application refresh, wireless data, to revoke the consent authorization.
(2) Android system
You can find the permission that needs to be revoked by following the path of "My" - "Settings" - "Permission Management". Click on the permission and find the Tujia Homestay APP in the authorized APPs. Click "Modify" to revoke the authorization. For example, if you plan to revoke the permission for 'Location Information', you can use the method of 'My' ->'Settings' ->' Applications' ->'Permission Management' ->'Location Information' ->'Tujia Homestay' ->'Prohibit'
(3) Precautions
Other operating systems may have customized systems, and the names and methods of permission settings may not be consistent. Please consult your device seller or manufacturer to accurately grasp your personal information and permission settings.
If you still have any questions when revoking authorization, you can call our customer service at 400-188-1234. After receiving your question, we will provide timely feedback.
6.3 Cancel your Tujia account
6.3.1 If you need to cancel your Tujia Homestay account, you can call 400-188-1234 for customer service verification to complete the account cancellation, or log in to the Tujia Homestay mobile client, enter the personal center, click on "My" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" - "Cancel Account", view the cancellation instructions, and submit the account cancellation application.
6.3.2 After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products or services and will no longer collect, use, or share personal information related to the account. However, we still need to store the previous information for the time required by regulatory requirements, and during the legally required storage period, authorized authorities still have the right to inquire in accordance with the law. If you have any questions, you can contact Tujia Minshu customer service at 400-188-1234.
6.4 Responding to your above request
6.4.1 To ensure security, we may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request. You may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will respond to your request within 15 days in principle.
6.4.2 For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees. However, for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are endlessly repetitive, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to others' legitimate rights and interests, or are extremely impractical (such as involving information stored on backup tapes).
In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request:
a. Directly related to national security and defense security;
b. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
c. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;
d. There is sufficient evidence to suggest that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
e. Involving trade secrets.
6.5 Obtaining a copy of personal information
You can log in to the "My" page of the Tujia Minshu APP at any time to view all the information of your account. You can also apply for a copy of personal information by accessing the online customer service system and calling the customer service phone number. We need to verify your identity before we can provide it. Please understand that we are unable to provide a copy of your personal information directly to unrelated third parties due to the need for information protection and existing technology. If you have this requirement, we will seek alternative solutions for you within the scope permitted by laws and regulations
6.6 Restricting Automated Decision Making
6.6.1 After logging in to the Tujia Homestay APP, you can turn off the personalized push of the Tujia Homestay APP through 【 My 】 - 【 Settings 】 - 【 Personalized Recommendation Settings 】:
a. You can turn off the personalized information push by clicking on it, which will disable the commercial messages we send to your email, mobile phone, communication address, etc., including but not limited to the latest Tujia Homestay APP product information, promotional information, etc;
b. You can turn off our personalized information recommendation based on your personal information and preferences by clicking on it. At the same time, the recommended channel in the middle of the homepage will become a featured channel, and the featured channel will not recommend related products based on your personal information;
6.6.2 In certain business functions, after informing and obtaining your consent, we may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms, including information systems and algorithms. If you believe that these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to raise your request through the contact information provided in Article 9 of this policy, and we will respond to your request within fifteen working days.
6.7 Transfer of Personal Information
6.7.1 If you need to transfer your personal information to a designated personal information processor, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Article 9 of this policy,
After verifying your identity and verifying that you meet the requirements set by the national cyberspace administration, we will provide you with a way to transfer your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or as stipulated in this policy.
6.7.2 We will also take necessary information management measures and technical means to ensure the security of the transfer process and prevent the consequences of your personal information leakage, damage, loss, tampering, etc.
7. Notice We Issued
7.1 Notification and other types of communication
When you use Tujia's residential service, we can use your personal information to send push notifications to your device.
7.2 Service related announcements
We may issue service related announcements to you from time to time when we deem it necessary, such as when we suspend Tujia Homestay services for repairs. You are not allowed to cancel these announcements related to the service that are not promotional in nature.
8. How do we store and transfer your personal information across borders
8.1 Storage location
8.1.1 Handling principles
We will store user personal information collected within the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with laws and regulations.
8.2 Cross border Transmission
8.2.1 If your personal information storage location is transferred from within China to overseas, we will strictly comply with the legal provisions.
The scenarios where your personal information needs to be transferred overseas include:
(1) Obtain your explicit authorization;
(2) When the marketing scenario involves overseas service providers;
(3) When you engage in cross-border transactions (such as booking overseas homestay products) through the Tujia homestay platform and other personal proactive actions;
(4) Clear requirements of laws and regulations.
8.2.2 Unless there are exceptional circumstances for obtaining authorized consent (see "3. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information" in this policy), we will obtain your separate consent in a reasonable manner in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, and national standards for cross-border transmission of personal information other than those mentioned above. However, regardless of whether your separate consent is required, we will inform you in a reasonable manner of the domestic and foreign service provider information of the products/services involved, as well as the purpose, method, and type of processing of your personal information. For example, when you are preparing to order some overseas products/services on the Tujia Homestay platform, we will inform you of the above information through the Personal Information Authorization Statement on the [Order Submission Page] before you place an order, and if necessary, obtain your separate consent for Tujia Homestay to provide your personal information to overseas suppliers. The specific form of individual consent shall be subject to the specific product/service ordering page.
8.2.3 We will comply with the conditions stipulated by laws, administrative regulations, and national cyberspace regulatory authorities (such as fulfilling security assessment obligations, personal information protection certification, and signing agreements with overseas recipients in accordance with standard contracts formulated by regulatory authorities), and require overseas institutions to keep confidential the personal information obtained from you and fulfill corresponding personal information protection obligations.
8.3 Storage period
8.3.1 We will only retain your information for the shortest period necessary for the purposes stated in this policy, or as required by laws and regulations. For example, when you use the registration function of Tujia Homestay platform, we need to collect your mobile phone number, and after you provide it and during your use of the function, we need to continue to keep your mobile phone number for you to provide you with the function normally and ensure the security of your account and system. After exceeding the above-mentioned storage period, or in the event that you exercise your right to delete personal information or cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
But in the following situations, we may adjust the storage time of personal information to comply with legal requirements:
(1) In order to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other relevant provisions (such as the Electronic Commerce Law, which stipulates that the retention time of commodity and service information, as well as transaction information, shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction);
(2) To comply with the provisions of court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures;
(3) To comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or legally authorized organizations;
(4) Reasonable and necessary use to safeguard the public interest, protect the personal and property safety or other legitimate rights and interests of users of Tujia Homestay platform, us or our affiliated companies, other users or employees.
8.4 Suspension of Operations
If we cease to operate Tujia Homestay platform products or services, we will promptly stop the activity of collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of individual delivery or announcement, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold.
9. How do we use cookies and other tracking technologies
9.1 When you use our services, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. We use this information to determine whether registered users have logged in, improve service/product quality, and optimize user experience. If you do not want personal information to be stored in cookies, you can configure your browser and choose to disable the cookie function. After disabling the cookie function, it may affect your access to Tujia Minshu or prevent you from fully accessing the services provided by Tujia Minshu.
9.2 We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this guide. You can manage or delete cookies according to your own preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have the function to block cookies.
10. How do we handle personal information of minors
10.1 Tujia's residential services are mainly aimed at adults. Our products, websites, and services are primarily aimed at adults. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should read this guide with your guardian before using our products and/or services, and ensure that you have obtained the consent of your guardian before using our services and providing us with your information. We will focus on protecting the personal information and privacy of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.
10.2 If your guardian does not agree to your use of our services in accordance with these guidelines or
Please provide us with information and immediately use our services and notify us promptly.
10.3 We will not actively collect personal information from minors directly. For the collection of personal information of minors with the consent of their guardians, we only use, share, transfer or disclose such information as permitted by laws and regulations, with the consent of the guardians, or as necessary to protect minors.
10.4 As a guardian, you can log in to the Tujia Homestay APP and use "My" ->"Common Information" to query, correct, and delete relevant information of minors. If there is evidence that a minor registered and used our services without the consent of their guardian, the guardian can contact Tujia platform customer service, and we will delete the relevant minor's account or personal information as soon as possible after confirmation.
10.5 If you are a child under the age of 14, before using the services of Tujia Homestay platform, you and your guardian should carefully read our specially formulated "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice" to ensure that your guardian confirms and agrees to the rules. If your guardian does not agree with the "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice", it may result in us being unable to provide services to you normally or unable to achieve the intended effect of our services. You and your guardian should immediately stop registering or using the services we provide. If you use or continue to use our services, it will be deemed that you have obtained the consent of your guardian for us to collect, store, use, transfer, disclose, and process children's personal information in accordance with this policy and the "Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice".
10.6 If you have any opinions, suggestions, or complaints regarding children's personal information, please contact us. For specific contact information, please refer to "12 How to Contact Us" in this policy.
11. How to update and modify this guide
11.1 This guideline is an important component of the Tujia Residential Service Agreement. Tujia Minshu reserves the right to update or modify this guideline from time to time.
11.2 Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this guideline. We will notify you in a reasonable manner through app client push notifications, pop ups, etc., so that you can be informed of any changes made to this guideline in a timely manner.
11.3 For significant changes, depending on the specific circumstances, we may provide more prominent notices explaining the specific changes in this guideline. Major changes include but are not limited to:
11.3.1 Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information being processed, the method of using personal information, etc;
11.3.2 We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
11.3.3 Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure;
11.3.4 There have been significant changes in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
11.3.5 We are responsible for handling changes in the department responsible for personal information security, contact information, and complaint channels;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the existence of high risks.
11.4 If you do not agree to the revised privacy protection guidelines, you have the right and should immediately stop using the services of Tujia Minzhu. If you continue to use the services of Tujia Minshu, it will be deemed that you have accepted the modifications made by Tujia Minshu to the relevant terms of this guideline.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions related to personal information protection or privacy protection, as well as related complaints or reports, you can visit our online customer service system, call our customer service hotline at 400-188-1234, or contact the person in charge of personal information protection（ FWTS@tujia.com ）Contact us through various methods such as sending emails. You can also send your questions to the following mailing address:
Legal Department, 19th Floor, VIA Building, No. 29 Suzhou Street, Haidian District, Beijing (received)
Normally, we will reply within fifteen working days after verifying your identity.
13. Dispute Resolution
13.1 In case of any disputes arising from this guideline or our handling of your personal information, you may file a lawsuit with the Haidian District People's Court of Beijing.
13.2 If you believe that our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you may also report it to the relevant government department.
14. Noun Explanation
The terms used in this privacy protection guideline are generally defined as follows:
14.1 Tujia Homestay Platform: Tujia Homestay's client (including App, WeChat Mini Program or H5 page), the terminal devices applicable to the client include but are not limited to tablets, mobile phones, etc.
14.2 Tujia/We: Enterprise groups including Tujia Online Information Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., the developer and operator of Tujia Homestay platform, and its affiliated companies.
14.3 Affiliated Companies: Refers to all companies under Tujia Group Co., Ltd. and their affiliated and affiliated companies, including but not limited to Tujia Online Information Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., Tujia Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Tujia Network Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., Tianjin Tujia Tourism Co., Ltd., etc.
14.4 User/You: Natural persons who access or use the products/services provided by the Tujia platform, including registered and unregistered users.
14.5 Personal Information: Refers to various information recorded electronically or in other forms that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify a person's personal identity, including but not limited to a person's name, date of birth, address, phone number, etc.
14.6 Personal sensitive information: Once leaked, illegally provided, or abused, personal information that may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The sensitive personal information involved in this policy includes ID numbers, personal identification information, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health information, financial accounts, tracking information, as well as personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
14.7 Equipment: Equipment refers to devices that can be used to access Tujia's residential products and/or services, such as
Desktop computers, laptops, tablets, or smartphones.
14.8 Unique Device Identifier: A unique device identifier (unique ID or UUID) refers to a string of characters encoded into a device by the device manufacturer, which can be used to uniquely identify the corresponding device (such as the IMEI number of a mobile phone). The unique device identifier has multiple uses, including providing advertising when cookies cannot be used (such as in mobile applications).
14.9 SSL: SSL (Secure Socket Layer), also known as Secure Socket Layer, is a secure protocol implemented over the Transmission and Communication Protocol (TCP/IP). SSL supports various types of networks and provides three basic security services, all of which achieve information confidentiality through the use of public key and symmetric key technologies.
14.10 Information Collection Technology: The "automatic collection" described in our "Tujia Minzhu Privacy Protection Guidelines" includes the following methods: A. Cookie (small text file) is a small file placed by the website server on the client side (your computer, mobile phone, or other smart terminal) when you browse the website. When you visit the corresponding website again, the website can recognize your browser through the cookie. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can use cookies, but some website features or services may not work properly. B. Web beacon is an electronic image file or other technology embedded in websites or emails, which can be used to calculate the number of visitors, record whether and when you view emails or websites, or to use certain cookies. C. Log files store various data collected automatically. This data includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), access/exit pages, operating systems, dates/timestamps, and clickstream data. D. ET Tag is an HTTP protocol header transmitted between internet browsers and internet servers, which can replace cookies and be used to track individual users, allowing us to gain a deeper understanding and improve our services. E. JavaScript is a programming language used to create more interactive and dynamic content. JavaScript can set cookies, read cookies, and delete cookies.
14.11 Application Data Cache: Application data cache refers to a data storage mechanism on a device. There are many benefits to using it, such as allowing network applications to run without connecting to the internet, and improving the performance of related applications by increasing content loading speed.
14.12 Children: Minors under the age of fourteen.
14.13 Minors: Natural persons under the age of 18 are considered minors. Minors over the age of sixteen who rely on their own labor income as their main source of livelihood are considered to have full capacity for civil conduct.
14.14 Anonymization and De identification: Refers to the process of using technology to process personal information so that the subject of the information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored.
Privacy Policy Download
Historical version download:
3rd edition
2nd edition
First edition
