Snowball Privacy Policy
Dear user:
To enhance the level of personal privacy protection, we have updated the Snowball Privacy Policy. The content of this update is mainly based on the adjustment of user operation paths in the new version of Snowball App, and the corresponding instructions for users to use/close certain services have been updated.
Release date: March 30, 2023
Effective Date: April 6th, 2023
Version number: 2023v6
Privacy Policy Summary
Snowball (hereinafter referred to as "we") products/services are provided by Beijing Snowball Information Technology Co., Ltd. We deeply understand the importance of personal information to you and will do our best to protect the security and reliability of your personal information. This Snowball Privacy Policy Summary aims to introduce to you in a concise, clear, and easy to understand manner the basic situation of our collection, use, entrusted processing, and sharing of your personal information, as well as your right to manage your personal information. If you want to fully understand the Snowball Privacy Policy, please swipe to the bottom of the page to view the main text.
1、 How do we collect and use your personal information
（1） Personal Information
1. Account information
When you register for a Snowball account, you need to provide your real name mobile phone number;
When you use third-party accounts (including but not limited to Weibo, WeChat, QQ, email, etc.) to register a Snowball account or bind a registered Snowball account, you need to authorize Snowball to obtain your third-party account information (including avatar, nickname, and other authorized information).
2. Identification information
When you choose to use advanced authentication features, you may need to provide your real name, ID information, and a photo of yourself holding your ID card.
When you choose to use the super account opening function, you may need to provide your identification information.
3. Usage behavior information
To ensure the stability, security, and sustainability of the Snowball service, we will collect your browsing, interaction (including following, bookmarking, liking, sharing, tipping), search and other behavior records and operation logs, and retain the content you post.
We may also recommend content that you may be interested in based on this.
4. Equipment information and service logs
In order to ensure the safe operation of Snowball website and services, we will collect your device information and network log information;
The device information we may collect includes device model, operating system, operating system version, resolution, network information, unique device identifier, MAC address, browser type/version/kernel, language used, telecommunications operator, and mobile network.
For more details, please refer to our 'Personal Information Collection Checklist'
（2） Sensitive device permissions
Some of our features require you to apply for sensitive permissions on your device, such as camera/album permissions, system notification permissions, calendar permissions, and microphone permissions. We will use a pop-up window to ask if you agree to the authorization. You can view, enable, or disable the sensitive permissions mentioned above at any time through the "Settings" path on your device.
2、 How can we delegate the processing and sharing of your personal information
To provide you with products or services, we may share or entrust third parties to process some of your personal information. We will only provide your personal information to third parties for necessary purposes and scope, and carefully evaluate and monitor the security capabilities of third parties, requiring them to comply with laws and regulations, cooperation agreements, and take relevant security measures to protect your personal information.
For more details, please refer to our 'Third Party Cooperation List'
3、 How do you manage your personal information
You can exercise the following rights through the settings options in the Snowball App or by contacting us:
1. Access, edit, correct, supplement or delete your personal information;
2. Change the scope of your authorization or withdraw your authorization consent;
3. Cancel account;
4. Exercise the rights of other legal personal information subjects.
We will respond to your request within 15 working days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity.
4、 How to contact us
You can contact us through our online customer service; We have also established a dedicated department for personal information protection, with contact email at: privacy@xueqiu.com ； The contact address is: 20th Floor, Building C, Rongxin Technology Center, No. 34 Chuangyuan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing.
We will respond to your request and do our best to resolve it within 15 working days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity.
Privacy Policy Text
introduction
Snowball ("we") focuses on protecting users' personal information and privacy. This privacy policy contains provisions regarding our collection, processing, storage, use, sharing, transfer, public disclosure, and protection of personal information (hereinafter referred to as "information") of users ("you").
We deeply understand the importance of personal information to you and will do our best to protect the security and reliability of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the following principles, and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency. At the same time, we promise to take corresponding security measures in accordance with mature industry security standards to protect your personal information.
Please carefully read and understand this privacy policy before using our services and the various business functions included in the services (hereinafter referred to as "services" or "our services"), in order to help you understand our rules for handling your personal information and how you protect your privacy rights. The important terms regarding your personal information rights have been highlighted in bold and underlined, please pay special attention. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us through the contact information we have published in this privacy policy.
Part One Definition
1. Snowball ("We"): refers to the individual or collective name of Beijing Snowball Information Technology Co., Ltd., the operator of Snowball website, and its existing and/or future related companies. The registered address of Beijing Snowball Information Technology Co., Ltd. is Room 1802, Room 1801, Building 6, No. 34 Chuangyuan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing. The contact address is Room 20, Building C, Rongxin Technology Center, No. 34 Chuangyuan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing.
2. Snowball website: refers to Snowball website (currently located at www.xueqiu.com, such as
If we change the website or add other websites in the future, please refer to the current website), the mobile application corresponding to Snowball (hereinafter referred to as "Snowball App"), the relevant WeChat official account or other official account platforms, WeChat applets or other applets, and other Internet media that may be involved from time to time.
3. Affiliated company: refers to any company or institution that one party currently or in the future controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with. 'Control' refers to the direct or indirect ownership of the power to manage or influence the management and policies of the entity, whether through voting equity or other means such as contracts.
4. Personal information: refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded in electronic or other ways, excluding anonymized information.
5. Sensitive personal information: refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety. This includes biometric, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health care, financial accounts, tracking information, as well as personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. In this privacy policy, prominent markings will be made in bold.
Part 2 Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will help you understand the following content
One The governing law and scope of application of this privacy policy;
II How we collect and use your personal information;
III How do we store your personal information;
4 How we use cookies and similar technologies;
Five How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information;
VI How do we protect your personal information;
7 Your right to manage your personal information;
8 Protection of personal information of minors;
Nine Updates to this privacy policy and how to contact us;
10、 Dispute resolution.
1、 The governing law and scope of application of this privacy policy
（1） The governing law of this privacy policy
This privacy policy is formulated and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China ("China", for the purpose of this privacy policy, excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan) (excluding conflict of laws), and shall be governed by Chinese law only.
The Chinese laws referred to in this privacy policy refer to the laws, regulations, rules, normative documents, and other forms of regulatory provisions or government orders issued by the legislative or government agencies of China from time to time.
（2） Scope of application of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies to all services provided by Snowball. Your access to Snowball's website and use of Snowball's services are subject to this privacy policy.
In addition, for certain specific services, we may also develop specific privacy policies/statements/terms (hereinafter referred to as "specific privacy policies"), which will more specifically explain how we collect, process, store, use, share, transfer, publicly disclose, and protect your personal information in specific services. If there is any inconsistency between such specific privacy policy and this privacy policy, the relevant provisions of such specific privacy policy shall prevail when dealing with relevant matters.
If you refuse to agree to this privacy policy, we will provide you with a 'browsing only' mode. You can experience the Snowball App through the "Browse Only" mode and then decide whether to use the Snowball App. In 'browsing only' mode, we will not obtain any permissions from your mobile device or collect any information from you unless we have obtained your explicit authorization beforehand.
2、 How do we collect and use your personal information
We will only collect and use your personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy. You can click on the 'Snowball Personal Information Collection List' to learn about our collection and use of your personal information.
（1） You register a Snowball account to become our user
1. You registered a Snowball account using your phone number
Before you use our service, you need to register for a Snowball account to become our user.
If you are an individual user, you need to provide us with your real name mobile phone number for registration (for this, you must ensure that the phone number has been registered under your name with the corresponding telecommunications service provider and is currently being used by you). You can also register through a third-party account (see below for details on registering through a third-party account). If you are a non individual user, you need to comply with our regulations and requirements regarding non individual user registration and real name authentication, and provide us with information to identify your identity.
If you have not registered for a Snowball account, it will prevent you from becoming our user, but this will not result in us prohibiting you from accessing the Snowball website and using basic browsing or information search functions. If you access the Snowball website without registering a Snowball account, we will only request your device permissions within the minimum necessary scope and with your explicit authorization (you can refer to the "Device Sensitive Permissions and Request Purpose Comparison Table" listed below for further information on specific permission information and request purposes).
After registering for a Snowball account, you can upload your user profile picture (which can be a cartoon image or picture without any illegal content, and we do not require you to upload your personal photo), or provide us with your gender, region, and personal profile. This information may help us provide you with more personalized services, but refusing to provide this information will not affect the basic functions of your use of our services.
2. You registered a Snowball account using a third-party account
For your convenience, we allow you to register a Snowball account through third-party accounts (including Weibo, WeChat, QQ, Apple ID) (you must ensure that such third-party accounts have completed real name authentication in your own name on the corresponding third-party platform and are currently being used by you). When you register a Snowball account through a third-party account, you need to bind your mobile phone number to complete real name authentication (for this, you must ensure that the mobile phone number has been registered in your own name with the corresponding telecommunications service provider and is currently being used by you).
In addition, after registering a Snowball account with your phone number, you can also choose to
Bind your Snowball account with your own third-party account (including Weibo, WeChat, QQ, email, Apple ID), and you can log in to the Snowball website through the third-party account you have bound. Binding a third-party account can help improve the convenience of logging into the Snowball website, but not binding it will not affect your use of our services.
To achieve the aforementioned objectives, we need to obtain and verify your third-party account information from a third party (including your nickname and avatar on the third party, as well as the information provided to us by the third party in accordance with its authorization rules).
Except for the above situations, we will not actively obtain your personal information from third parties without your explicit authorization. If our future business development requires us to indirectly obtain your personal information from third parties, we will strictly comply with the relevant provisions of Chinese law. If the personal information processing activities required for our business exceed the scope of processing authorized by you to third parties, we will obtain your explicit consent before processing your personal information. We will also strictly abide by the relevant provisions of Chinese laws and require third parties to ensure the legality of the information they provide.
（2） You are using the services we provide
Our services include basic business functions and extended business functions. Basic business functions include business functions that meet your main needs and fundamental expectations for using Snowball, including information browsing function, information publishing function, and interactive communication function (including following, collecting, liking, sharing, and tipping). Extended business functions refer to other business functions in addition to basic business functions, including search functions, personalized display/recommendation functions, advanced authentication functions, investment trading functions, system notification functions, adding major event functions, customer service functions, research or brand activities, message notifications, and sharing interactions.
For the purpose of providing services to you, we need to collect, store, and use the following information related to you. If you are unwilling to provide information related to the basic business functions, you will not be able to use the basic business functions we provide; If you are unwilling to provide information related to the extended business functions, you will not be able to use the corresponding extended business functions, but it will not affect your use of the basic business functions we provide.
1. The basic business functions include:
(1) Information browsing function: You can use the information browsing function we provide by accessing the Snowball website (including the web page and Snowball App). We will collect the log information generated during this process.
(2) Information publishing function:
a. When you post information, we will record the information you post and legally store the operation log information;
b. When you use the capture/upload image function to publish images, we will request that you authorize your device's camera/album permissions. If you refuse to grant this permission, you will not be able to use this feature, but it does not affect your ability to use other features.
(3) Interactive communication function (including following, bookmarking, liking, sharing, and tipping): When you use the interactive communication function (including following, bookmarking, liking, sharing, and tipping), we will legally save the operation log information.
2. The expanded business functions include:
(1) Search function: When you use the search function, we will record your historical search history and legally save the operation log information. These historical search records usually cannot individually identify your personal identity, do not belong to your personal information, and are not within the scope of this privacy policy. Only when your search history is linked to your other information and can identify your personal identity, during the combined use period, we will treat your search history as your personal information and protect it in accordance with this privacy policy.
(2) Personalized display/recommendation function: After you log in to the Snowball App, we will automatically calculate and analyze your preference characteristics through computer algorithms based on your personal internet browsing history (including browsing, following, bookmarking, liking, commenting, and forwarding behavior records) generated by using the Snowball App. We will display and recommend more relevant information to you on the homepage of the Snowball App. You can turn off this feature by logging in to the Snowball App through "My Settings Privacy and Permissions Community Permissions Personalized Recommendations", but it does not affect your use of other features. Please understand that we do not provide personalized display/recommendation functions to unregistered/logged in users.
(3) Real name authentication function: We provide a real name authentication function that you can choose independently. When you choose to use the real name authentication function, you need to provide us with the information required for authentication (real name, ID number, mobile phone number) according to the prompts on the authentication page. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned information, you will not be able to use the real name authentication function, but it will not affect your use of other functions.
(4) Investment trading function: You can independently choose whether to use the investment trading functions embedded or linked in the Snowball App (including securities account opening and trading, fund account opening and trading, futures account opening and trading). The investment trading function is provided by our affiliated companies or third-party institutions (hereinafter referred to as "investment trading service institutions"). If you choose to use the investment trading function, you need to provide your relevant personal information to the investment trading service institution, especially for the purpose of opening an investment trading account, customer identification and follow-up procedures. We will request your device's camera/photo album, recording permission, so that you can provide your identity documents and other materials required for opening an account, as well as facial recognition or audio and video recording during the account opening or follow-up process to the investment trading service institution. We will not access or retain the aforementioned personal information you provide to investment trading service providers.
It should be noted that:
A. According to relevant financial laws and regulations, private equity products are only available to qualified investors. To complete the qualified investor certification, the information you need to provide includes: real name, ID type, ID number, financial asset proof document or income proof.
B. If you choose the super account opening function, we will request your device's camera/album permission and collect your identity information, in order to provide you with a more convenient account opening process and reduce some of your repetitive operations; At the same time, you need to authorize us to provide your identification information to investment trading service agencies in order to complete securities and fund account opening. In addition to the aforementioned identification information, Super
Other personal information required for account opening will still be collected directly from you by investment trading service agencies. This feature is optional, and we will provide you with more detailed instructions and obtain your separate consent in a specific manner before you use it; If you refuse to use the super account opening function, it does not affect your ability to open securities or fund accounts separately through other account opening portals provided by us, nor does it affect your use of our other functions.
(5) System notification function: In order to timely push market trends to you, we provide a system notification function that users can choose to use independently. We currently only provide this feature on the Snowball App. Before you use this feature for the first time, we will request notification permission for your device in the form of a pop-up window. You can choose whether to grant authorization or disable or reactivate this permission in the "Settings - Apps and Notifications" path on your device (which may vary depending on the device name or specific path) or in the "My - Settings - Message Center - Allow Push System Messages" path on the Snowball App. If you refuse to grant this permission, you will not be able to use this feature, but it does not affect your ability to use other features.
(6) Add major event function: In order to facilitate your timely tracking of major events related to the stocks you are following (lock up and unlocking, financial report disclosure, ex rights and ex dividend), we provide a user selectable add major event function. We currently only provide this feature on the Snowball App. Before you use this feature for the first time, we will request to obtain your device's calendar read and write permissions in the form of a pop-up window (to write relevant major events in your calendar). You can choose whether to grant authorization or disable or reactivate this permission in the "Settings - Apps and Notifications" path of your device (which may vary depending on the device name or specific path) or in the "My - Settings - Privacy and Permissions - System Permissions" path of the Snowball App. If you refuse to grant this permission, you will not be able to use this feature, but it does not affect your ability to use other features.
(7) Customer Service: When you use the customer service consultation and complaint function, in order to facilitate contact with you and help you resolve the complaint issue, we may need you to provide your name, contact information, other information required by our relevant business rules, and other information that you expressly agree to provide.
(8) Research or brand events: We will conduct online or offline research or brand events from time to time. In such research or brand events, we may require you to provide your personal information. We will specify the specific types, purposes, and methods of information collection in advance on the relevant research or brand event pages or rules.
(9) Message notification: In our daily operations, we may send you one or more types of notifications simultaneously through the contact information (phone number) provided by you during the use of our products and/or services, including message notifications, identity verification, and security verification; In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information through SMS or phone calls. If you do not wish to receive these messages, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in your mobile SMS, or you can contact us directly to unsubscribe.
(10) Sharing interaction: When you jump to the Snowball App through external activity pages or external links, or when you perform copying, sharing, or other operations on your mobile device, the Snowball App may need to access your clipboard, read the password, sharing code, or link inside the clipboard, and both access and reading behaviors occur locally on your mobile device; Only when the password, sharing code, or link belonging to us is recognized, will it be uploaded to our server in order to provide you with complete activity linkage or copy sharing functions and services. We respect user privacy and will not upload or otherwise use any information in your clipboard that does not belong to us.
We would like to remind you that some mobile devices may prompt that the app is reading or writing to the clipboard, but the prompt cannot distinguish whether it is being processed locally or uploaded on the mobile device, and due to differences in statistical methods, false positives cannot be ruled out. Therefore, if you find similar prompts and have any questions, please contact us so that we can locate the problem and promptly answer your questions.
In addition, we may occasionally add new features or make adjustments to existing features. We will strictly comply with the provisions of laws and regulations and the provisions of this privacy policy, take necessary measures in accordance with the law, and protect your data privacy rights and your right to manage your personal information.
3. Comparison table of sensitive device permissions and request purposes
remarks:
(1) Regarding calendar read and write permissions: In some earlier Android systems, calendar read (read_calendar) and calendar write (writable calendar) were written as a permission group. When you use the add big event function, due to some Android systems not supporting calendar read and write as two independent permissions, we need to obtain your authorization by calling the "calendar read and write" permission group to write stock big events to the user's device's system calendar based on their active operations. To protect your rights and interests, we believe it is necessary to make clear disclosures to you in this privacy policy. At the same time, we declare that we respect the personal privacy of users and will not read your device's calendar information based on calendar reading permissions in our actual business operations.
(2) You can view, enable, or disable the sensitive permissions mentioned above through the "Settings" path on your device, or through the "My Settings Privacy and Permissions System Permissions" path on the Snowball App. In different devices or system versions, the relevant viewing or operation paths and methods may vary. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines provided by the device and system developers for details.
（3） Ensure the safe operation of Snowball website and related services
In order to ensure the safe operation of the Snowball website and related services, when you use the Snowball App or visit the Snowball website, we will collect device model, device hardware serial number, operating system, operating system version, resolution, network information, unique device identifiers (Android ID, IMSI), IMEI, MAC address, SIM card sequence related to your device
ICCID, system application processes, device sensors, IDFA, UUID, browser type/version/kernel, language used, telecom operator, mobile network, store network log information generated during your use of our services. These pieces of information are essential for ensuring the normal operation and provision of services on Snowball website.
（4） Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent
According to Chinese law, collecting and using your personal information does not require your authorization and consent in the following situations:
1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
2. Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
3. Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
5. Process personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope in accordance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Law;
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
3、 How do we store your personal information
（1） Storage area
The personal information we collect and generate within China will only be stored within China. If it is necessary to transfer personal information collected domestically to overseas institutions for cross-border business processing, we will strictly comply with the provisions of laws, regulations, rules or normative documents, inform you of the purpose of departure, the types of personal information involved, the identity of the recipient, and security risks, and obtain your consent in advance. Through effective measures such as signing agreements, security assessments, and verifications, we require the recipient to keep the personal information obtained confidential and handle it properly, ensuring that the recipient has sufficient ability to protect your personal information.
（2） Storage period
We will store your personal information for the shortest period necessary to achieve the purposes described in this privacy policy, unless required or permitted by laws, regulations, rules, or normative documents to store such information for a longer period of time. After the above deadline, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
4、 How do we use cookies and similar technologies
（1） Cookie
When you use our services, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. We use cookies to determine if you are logged in, helping you simplify the steps and process of filling in personal information and entering search content, making your access experience easier. We will not use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy.
You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer or mobile device, and you have the right to accept or block cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to block cookies according to your needs. But please be aware that you may not be able to use the functions or services we rely on cookies to provide you as a result.
（2） Other similar technologies
At present, we do not use any similar technologies other than cookies.
5、 How can we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
（1） Entrusted processing
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal information in order to authorize partners to provide certain services or perform functions on our behalf for you. We will only entrust them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this privacy policy statement. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties, and we will require them to properly protect and process your personal information through agreements, and not use your personal information for any other purposes beyond the scope of the delegation. If authorized partners use your personal information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
Some of the technical modules for certain functions in our services are provided by third parties and integrated into Snowball App in the form of software development kits (SDKs) or application programming interfaces (APIs). For specific information on the collection and use of user information by third-party SDKs integrated into Snowball App, please refer to the "Third Party Cooperation List"（ https://xueqiu.com/law/privacy/third_cooperation ）. The SDK integrated into Snowball App may change from time to time based on business conditions. We will update the aforementioned list accordingly. If there are any updates, please refer to the latest version at that time.
（2） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
2. Based on legal circumstances: requests made by judicial or government agencies in accordance with legal provisions, litigation, and other dispute resolution needs;
3. Sharing with related parties: We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies. But we only share necessary personal information, and the processing and protection of your personal information by affiliated companies must also be subject to the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing your personal information, it will seek your authorization and consent again;
4. Sharing with authorized partners and logistics service providers: For the purpose of implementing this privacy policy statement only, some of our services are provided by authorized partners and require support from authorized logistics service providers. We may share some of your personal information with authorized partners and authorized logistics providers;
5. Other agreements between you and us regarding the sharing of personal information.
Please be aware that even if we have obtained your authorization and consent, we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and try our best to de identify the personal information in the shared content. We will sign strict data protection agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share your personal information, requiring them to properly protect and process your personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（3） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any other company or organization
For individuals, except in the following circumstances:
1. As our business develops, we and our affiliated companies may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or other similar transactions. If the relevant transaction involves the transfer of your personal information, we will inform you of the recipient's name and contact information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. We will also require companies, organizations, and individuals who hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the purpose or method of processing your personal information as described in this privacy policy, they must obtain your authorization and consent again in accordance with legal regulations;
2. Transfer with your explicit consent, that is, after obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer the personal information we have obtained from you to other parties.
（4） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. We have obtained your separate consent;
2. In accordance with the requirements of Chinese law, mandatory administrative law enforcement, or judicial activities that require the provision of your personal information, we may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required types and disclosure methods. Within feasible limits, when we receive a request for disclosure of the above information, we will require the requesting party to provide corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters;
3. Other circumstances permitted by Chinese law.
（5） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
According to Chinese law, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent in the following situations:
1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;
2. Necessary for fulfilling statutory duties or obligations;
3. Necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and to process personal information within a reasonable range;
5. Process personal information that individuals disclose on their own or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope in accordance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Law;
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
（1） Storage area
The personal information we collect and generate within China will only be stored within China. If it is necessary to transfer personal information collected domestically to overseas institutions for cross-border business processing, we will strictly comply with the provisions of laws, regulations, rules or normative documents, inform you of the purpose of departure, the types of personal information involved, the identity of the recipient, and security risks, and obtain your consent in advance. Through effective measures such as signing agreements, security assessments, and verifications, we require the recipient to keep the personal information obtained confidential and handle it properly, ensuring that the recipient has sufficient ability to protect your personal information.
（2） Storage period
We will store your personal information for the shortest period necessary to achieve the purposes described in this privacy policy, unless required or permitted by laws, regulations, rules, or normative documents to store such information for a longer period of time. After the above deadline, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
（2） Other similar technologies
At present, we do not use any similar technologies other than cookies.
（1） Entrusted processing
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal information in order to authorize partners to provide certain services or perform functions on our behalf for you. We will only entrust them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this privacy policy statement. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties, and we will require them to properly protect and process your personal information through agreements, and not use your personal information for any other purposes beyond the scope of the delegation. If authorized partners use your personal information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
（2） Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
2. Based on legal circumstances: requests made by judicial or government agencies in accordance with legal provisions, litigation, and other dispute resolution needs;
3. Sharing with related parties: We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies. But we only share necessary personal information, and the processing and protection of your personal information by affiliated companies must also be subject to the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing your personal information, it will seek your authorization and consent again;
4. Sharing with authorized partners and logistics service providers: For the purpose of implementing this privacy policy statement only, some of our services are provided by authorized partners and require support from authorized logistics service providers. We may share some of your personal information with authorized partners and authorized logistics providers;
5. Other agreements between you and us regarding the sharing of personal information.
Please be aware that even if we have obtained your authorization and consent, we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and try our best to de identify the personal information in the shared content. We will sign strict data protection agreements with companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share your personal information, requiring them to properly protect and process your personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（3） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any other company, organization, or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. As our business develops, we and our affiliated companies may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers, or other similar transactions. If the relevant transaction involves the transfer of your personal information, we will inform you of the recipient's name and contact information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. We will also require companies, organizations, and individuals who hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. If the recipient changes the purpose or method of processing your personal information as described in this privacy policy, they must obtain your authorization and consent again in accordance with legal regulations;
2. Transfer with your explicit consent, that is, after obtaining your explicit consent,
We will transfer the personal information we have obtained about you to other parties.
（4） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. We have obtained your separate consent;
2. In accordance with the requirements of Chinese law, mandatory administrative law enforcement, or judicial activities that require the provision of your personal information, we may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required types and disclosure methods. Within feasible limits, when we receive a request for disclosure of the above information, we will require the requesting party to provide corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters;
3. Other circumstances permitted by Chinese law.
（5） Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
According to Chinese law, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent in the following situations:
According to legal regulations, if we share, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information that has undergone de identification processing, and ensure that the data recipient cannot recover and re identify the personal information subject, we will not need to notify you separately and obtain your consent for the processing of such data.
Please note that the information you voluntarily post or even publicly share while using our services may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information. Please carefully confirm whether to publish or even publicly share relevant information when using our services.
6、 How do we protect your personal information
（1） Data security measures
To ensure your information security, we strive to adopt various physical, electronic, and management security measures that comply with industry standards to protect your personal information and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss of your personal information. We will do our best to take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information, including: using SSL encryption protection technology when exchanging data between your browser and the "service"; At the same time, provide HTTPS secure browsing for the website itself; Using encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; Use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; Deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; And hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
Please note that data that cannot be directly linked to any specific individual is not considered personal information. If we combine such non personal information with other information to identify a natural person's personal identity, or use it in conjunction with personal information, then during the period of combined use, such information will be considered personal information.
（2） Account security
The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use complex passwords in a secure way to help us protect your account. If you discover that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account password, please contact us immediately using the contact information provided in this privacy policy so that we can take appropriate measures.
（3） Handling of personal information security incidents
After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with Chinese laws. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the event through email, letter, phone, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will adopt reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
7、 Your right to manage your personal information
According to Chinese law and with appropriate reference to the practices of other countries or regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your personal information:
（1） Accessing and editing your personal information
You have the right to access and edit your personal information, except for exceptions provided by law. If you want to exercise your right to access and edit data, you can access and edit it yourself through the following methods:
1. Account Information: If you wish to access or edit personal profile information in your account, change your password, add security information, or other related information (collectively referred to as "account information"), you can access the Snowball website on the web (through the "My - Personal Settings" path while logged in) or perform such operations on the Snowball App (through the "My - Settings - Account and Security - Personal Profile" path while logged in).
2. Posting, commenting, and Q&A information: If you wish to access, delete, or modify your posts, comments, and Q&A information, you can access the Snowball website on the web (through the "Home Page - Discussion"/"Personal Page - Posts"/"Main Comment Area Corresponding to Comments" path while logged in) or find your corresponding posts, comments, and Q&A information on the Snowball App (through the "My Avatar" path while logged in), and perform such operations on the corresponding information page. To facilitate your clear understanding of the relevant operation path, we have listed the support status of the corresponding functions on the web page and Snowball App in the table below (the table is for reference only, please refer to the actual situation if there are any adjustments).
3. Chat message: If you wish to access your chat message, you can visit the Snowball website on the web or find your corresponding chat message on the Snowball App and perform the access operation on the corresponding page. However, please be aware and understand that once the chat message is successfully sent, it cannot be edited again.
4. Follow Users: If you wish to access your follow user information, you can visit the Snowball website on the web (through the "Home Page Follow"/"Personal Page More Follow" path while logged in) or find your corresponding follow users on the Snowball App (through the "My Avatar Follow" path while logged in) and perform such operations on the corresponding page.
5. Favorite information: If you wish to access your favorite information, you can visit the Snowball website on the web (through the "Home Page Favorite"/"Personal Page Posts Favorite" path while logged in) or on the Snowball App (through "My" path while logged in)-
Find your corresponding collection information in the "Avatar - Favorites" path and perform such operations on the corresponding page.
6. Search history: If you want to access your recent search history, you can find your search history on the search page of the Snowball App and perform such operations.
If you are unable to access or edit your personal information through the above path, you can contact our online customer service at any time, and we will reply to you as soon as possible and provide you with guidance as much as possible.
For other personal information generated during your use of our services, as long as we do not need to invest too much, we will provide it to you as much as possible. If you wish to exercise your data access rights, please send an email to privacy@xueqiu.com We will reply within 15 working days after receiving your request.
（2） Correct and supplement your personal information
When you find that the personal information we process about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to request us to make corrections or supplements. You can send an email to privacy@xueqiu.com Please submit a request for correction or supplementation, and we will respond within 15 working days after receiving your request.
（3） Delete your personal information
You can delete your personal information through the path and method described in paragraph (1) of this article.
In the following situations, we will proactively delete your personal information. If we haven't deleted it, you can send an email to privacy@xueqiu.com Requesting us to delete personal information:
1. The processing purpose of your personal information has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
2. We cease to provide products or services, or the retention period has expired;
3. You withdraw your consent;
4. We handle personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations, or agreements;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
We will reply within 15 working days after receiving your request. If the retention period stipulated by laws and administrative regulations has not expired, or if it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop processing other than storage and taking necessary security protection measures.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible, requesting them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by Chinese law or these subjects have obtained your independent authorization.
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will delete this information when the backup is updated.
（4） Change the scope of your authorization or revoke your authorization
1. System permissions
You can revoke your consent to the system permissions that were enabled when using the Snowball App by going to "My Settings Privacy and Permissions System Permissions" on the Snowball App.
2. Push notifications
You can withdraw your consent to some or all of the notifications that were enabled when using the Snowball App by going to "My Settings Message Center Allow Push System Messages".
3. Account binding
You can unbind your bound third-party account by going to "My Settings Account Security Account Binding" on the Snowball App.
4. Personalized display/recommendation
You can withdraw your consent to personalized display/recommendation through the Snowball App under "My Settings Privacy and Permissions Community Permissions Personalized Recommendation".
5. Revoke all authorizations
You can revoke all authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account.
Please be informed that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed (see Article 2 of this Privacy Policy). After you perform the above actions, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to revoking consent or authorization, and we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.
（5） Cancel account
You have the right to cancel your Snowball account. You can cancel your account in the Snowball App by going to the "My Settings Account and Security Security Security Center Account Cancellation" path; You can also contact us through our online customer service, and we will provide you with account cancellation services. The specific process and required documents for account cancellation can be found in the "Account Cancellation Notice". We will reply within 15 working days after receiving your request.
After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide services to you and delete your personal information in accordance with Chinese laws, except as otherwise provided by law.
（6） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to demand an explanation from us and the right to refuse our decision solely through automated decision-making. We will also provide appropriate remedies.
（7） Obtain a copy of your personal information
You can send an email to privacy@xueqiu.com Apply to obtain a copy of your personal information.
（8） In response to your above request
To ensure the security of your account and personal information, we may need to verify your identity before responding to some requests (such as account cancellation). We will respond within the timeframe promised in this privacy policy.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are unnecessarily repeated, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
In the following situations, as required by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request:
1. Related to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations by personal information controllers;
2. Directly related to national security and defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. The personal information controller has sufficient evidence to demonstrate personal trust
The interest subject has subjective malice or abuse of power;
6. For the purpose of safeguarding the significant legitimate rights and interests of personal information subjects or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
7. Responding to the request of the personal information subject will result in serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations;
8. Involving trade secrets.
8、 Protection of Personal Information of Minors
Based on the characteristics of our services, our website and services are aimed at adults. We do not provide any services to minors, and we refuse to collect personal information from minors or send any promotional materials to this group of people.
We do not seek or attempt to seek to receive any personal information from minors. If parents or guardians have reason to believe that a minor has submitted personal information to us without prior consent, please contact us to ensure the deletion of such personal information and to ensure that the minor cancels their subscription and use of the Snowball service.
9、 Update of this privacy policy and how to contact us
（1） Update to this Privacy Policy
Our services may change from time to time, and this privacy policy will also be adjusted accordingly. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. You can check the latest version of this privacy policy through "My Settings Privacy and Permissions Privacy Policy" on the Snowball App.
For major changes, we will also remind you of the updated content through prominent means such as pop ups and internal messages. The significant changes referred to in this privacy policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the ways in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, and other aspects. Changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
We will continue to display the historical versions of this privacy policy on the Snowball website. You can access the historical versions of this privacy policy by clicking on the following link.
1. Snowball Privacy Policy (2022v5) (Published on June 21, 2022)
2. Snowball Privacy Policy (2021v4) (Published on November 23, 2021)
3. Snowball Privacy Policy (2020v3) (Published on March 20, 2020)
4. Snowball Privacy Policy (2019v2) (Published on September 17, 2019)
5. Snowball Privacy Policy (2018v1) (Published on October 30, 2018)
（2） How do you contact us
If you have any opinions, suggestions, or inquiries regarding this privacy policy, you can contact our dedicated department for personal information protection through the following methods:
Beijing Snowball Information Technology Co., Ltd. Legal and Compliance Department (Received)
Contact email: privacy@xueqiu.com
Contact Address: 20th Floor, Building C, Rongxin Technology Center, No. 34 Chuangyuan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
You can also contact us through our online customer service and other methods we may provide from time to time (if any) to fully describe your opinions, suggestions, or inquiries. We will respond to your request within 15 working days after verifying your identity and do our best to resolve it.
10、 Dispute Resolution
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution through filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile, as well as other channels allowed by Chinese law.
