Fliggy Privacy Policy
Update Date: July 22, 2024
Effective Date: July 29, 2024
Reminder terms:
Welcome to use our products and services! Your trust is very important to us, and we deeply understand the importance of personal information to you. We will take corresponding security measures in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, and do our best to protect the security and controllability of your personal information. In view of this, Fliggy Service Provider (or "we" for short) has formulated this Fliggy Privacy Policy ("this Policy" or "this Privacy Policy") to help you fully understand how we collect, use, share, store, and protect your personal information during your use of our products and services, as well as how you can manage your personal information to make appropriate choices.
Before using Fliggy's products or services, please carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline, to ensure that you fully understand and agree before starting to use. In addition to this policy, in specific scenarios, we will also inform you of the corresponding purpose, scope, and usage of information collection through instant notifications (including pop ups, page prompts) and feature update instructions. These instant notifications and feature update instructions constitute a part of this policy and have the same legal effect as this policy. We will try our best to explain the professional vocabulary involved in this policy in concise and popular terms for your understanding. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy, you can contact us through Fliggy customer service (9510208) or the contact information at the end of this privacy policy.
You agree to the privacy policy, which means that you have understood the functions provided by the application and the necessary personal information required for the operation of the functions (please note that the user information described in this policy may include personal information and/or sensitive personal information, please refer to the "Appendix: Relevant Definitions" for details, which will not be repeated below), and have given the corresponding collection and use authorization. However, it does not mean that you have separately agreed to enable additional functions, process non essential personal information, and process sensitive personal information. We will seek your consent separately based on your actual usage situation and legal regulations.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
1、 Scope of application
2、 Information Collection and Use
3、 Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of user information
4、 Storage of Information
5、 Your rights
6、 Protection of Minors
7、 Policy updates
8、 Contact Us
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
1、 Scope of application
This policy applies to the various products and services provided by Feizhu platform service providers to you through websites, clients, mini programs, and new forms that emerge with technological development. If we and our affiliated companies have separate privacy policies for the products or services they provide to you, the corresponding privacy policies shall apply to the corresponding products or services.
Except for the information collection and use activities described in this policy, this policy does not apply to other services provided by merchants and other third parties to you. Other services are subject to the personal information collection and use rules that they have separately explained to you. For example, when you choose to become a merchant member or a third-party independent member, the use of your personal information by such merchants or third parties should follow the privacy policy or rules they have separately explained to you.
2、 Information Collection and Use
When you use our products and/or services, the personal information we need/may need to collect and use includes the following two types:
1. To achieve the basic functions of providing our products and/or services to you and fulfill the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations, you must authorize us to collect and use necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or services normally;
2. To provide you with additional features of our products and/or services, you may choose to authorize us to collect and use the information. If you refuse to provide, you will not be able to use the relevant additional features or achieve the intended functional effects, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products and/or services.
You understand and agree that we are committed to creating a diverse range of products and services to meet your needs. Due to the wide variety of products and services we provide to you, and the differences in the specific product/service scope chosen by different users, the basic/additional functions and the types and scope of personal information collected and used may vary accordingly. Please refer to the specific product/service functions.
During this process, if you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions, you can contact us through the various contact methods provided by the Fliggy platform, and we will provide you with answers as soon as possible.
We will provide you with various specific functional scenarios, including:
（1） Help you become our member
Basic membership services
We provide you with basic membership services through our Taobao platform account. To register as a member and use our membership services, you need to provide your phone number, intended membership name, and password to create a Taobao platform account. If you only need to use browsing and search services, you do not need to register as our member and provide the above information.
For services that require an account on the Taobao platform to be used, we may verify your membership status based on the information you provide to ensure that we are providing services for you personally. If there is a situation where it is necessary to determine your necessary identity according to law (including necessary for performing the contract to which you are a party, protecting the rights and interests of minors according to law, combating telecommunications network fraud, withholding taxes for you, administrative law enforcement or identification of relevant subjects in judicial proceedings), you authorize us to obtain the necessary authentication information of your corresponding Alipay account from Alipay for the above purposes.
We will determine your current membership level based on the usage of your membership account and the membership level calculation rules set by the platform, and provide you with the basic benefits corresponding to the corresponding membership level.
If you purchase specific products or participate in specific activities organized by the Fliggy platform, you will accumulate Fliggy miles according to the mileage rules based on your behavior on Fliggy, and receive corresponding experience points and Fliggy membership levels based on your consumption behavior.
Additional membership services
Special Membership Benefits: If you choose to provide your real name, gender, date of birth, place of residence, nickname, or profile picture,
We can provide you with more personalized membership privileges services. To ensure transaction recognition, your nickname and avatar will be publicly displayed.
Authorized login: We may share your account information (avatar, nickname, and other page prompts) with third parties with your consent, so that you can easily register or log in to a third-party account. In addition, we may obtain your third-party account information from third parties based on your authorization and bind it with your Taobao platform account, allowing you to directly log in and use our products and/or services through the third-party account. We will use your relevant information within the scope authorized by you.
Other member role services: If you apply for registration as a merchant, service provider or other member role with additional identity authentication requirements, you need to actively provide us with identity information and/or enterprise related information, or authorize us to obtain the above related authentication information of your corresponding Alipay account from Alipay for the verification, registration, publicity of your identity and special member role acquisition qualifications, and other purposes that we explicitly tell you.
Account information display
If you already have a Taobao platform account, we may display your personal information mentioned above in the Taobao platform services (real person authentication only shows the result of whether the authentication is passed), as well as the actions you perform on the Taobao platform or in the products and services associated with the Taobao platform account（
Identity verification
In order to meet relevant legal and regulatory requirements, ensure the authenticity of user identity, achieve anti fraud risk control, and ensure system and service security, we need to collect your relevant information for identity verification when you use specific services/functions, such as:
Retrieve Account
Enhanced Account Protection
Real name/real person authentication
（2） Help you use browsing, searching, and personalized recommendation functions
1. Browse
During your browsing of the Fliggy platform, you can choose to bookmark, subscribe to, add to your shopping cart, or like the products and/or services, stores, channels, and content (such as travelogues) that interest you. We will collect your operation records to achieve the above functions and other purposes that we have explicitly stated.
You can go to "My" - "My Tools" - "Favorites"/"Browse History"/"Follow Store"/"Shopping Cart"
2. Search
When you use the search function (including photo search), we will collect your search history, including search content (search terms, images), search time/frequency, and apply for camera and album permissions based on the requirements of the function you are using.
In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored on your local device and display your search history.
Please understand that individual search term information cannot identify your personal identity and does not belong to your personal information. Therefore, we have the right to use it reasonably for other purposes.
3. Shopping cart
When you use the shopping cart function, we will collect your additional purchase information and order information to optimize your shopping experience (such as providing price/discount reminders, displaying frequently purchased products).
Personalized recommendations
To showcase and recommend more relevant products, services, and/or content to you, and provide a personalized experience that better meets your needs, we will combine the collected browsing and search records with lawfully collected device information, service log information, and other authorized information to provide domain specific personalized recommendation services. We will also push you commercial advertisements and other information that you may be interested in on Fliggy and other third-party applications based on your preference characteristics, or send you commercial short messages (click to learn about personalized recommendations).
At the same time, we will also provide you with information display and search results that are not specific to your personal characteristics. You can manage personalized recommendation services through the following channels:
1. If you need to view rankings that are not based on your personal characteristics when using our on-site search service, you can choose "General Sorting" on the search results page to set it, or choose to set it according to "Sales" or "Price";
2. If you do not want to see the products or services we recommend to you on the homepage, payment completion page, or order management page, you can long press the recommended product or service image and select the blocked product or similar product according to the prompt in the subsequent pop-up window;
3. If you want to manage the personalized ads we send to you, you can set them in "My Settings Privacy". (Click to manage personalized ads)
4. If you want to manage the personalized content we push to you, you can set it in "My Settings Privacy". (Click to manage personalized recommendations)
（3） Assist you in completing orders and order management
When you order specific goods and/or services on the Fliggy platform, we will generate an order for you to purchase the goods and/or services through the system. During the order process, you are required to provide at least your contact person's name and phone number. The order will also include information about the goods and/or services you purchased, the specific order number, the time the order was created, and the amount you should pay. We collect this information to help you complete the transaction smoothly, ensure your transaction security, check order information, provide customer service and after-sales service, and for other purposes that we have explicitly stated.
You can order goods and/or services for others through the Fliggy platform, and you need to provide the aforementioned personal information of the actual purchaser. For booking air tickets, train tickets, bus tickets, group tours, tickets, and other tourism products or services for children, you need to obtain authorization and consent from the guardians of the children involved before making the order.
To facilitate your understanding and management of order information, we will collect order information generated during your use of our services for display and management purposes.
For your use of our services through the Ele.me platform and Gaode channel, in order to facilitate your viewing of the Fliggy platform products you ordered on the Ele.me platform or Gaode channel, or the Fliggy red envelope coupons you received on the Ele.me platform or Gaode channel, you agree that we will transmit your order information and Fliggy red envelope coupon information to the Ele.me platform operator and Gaode operator, and display the above information to you through the Ele.me platform and Gaode channel.
You can additionally fill in/select other contact phone numbers and delivery times
More additional information is included to ensure accurate delivery of goods or services. If you need to issue an invoice, you also need to provide the invoice header, taxpayer identification number, and email address for receiving the invoice.
In addition, due to the special nature of travel goods or services, some of the goods or services you have selected require you to further submit necessary information in order to complete the booking. You need to fill in this information yourself, or authorize us to assist you in entering the information in other ways. We also ask you to pay attention to this during the specific booking process:
(1) When you book a train ticket, you need to provide the passenger's name, ID type and ID number, contact person's name and phone number, so that Fliggy and Fliggy platform merchants can provide you with train ticket authorization booking/booking, information notification, and subsequent refund and change services according to their respective responsibilities. If you choose "12306 Account Authorization Booking Service", you also need to provide 12306 account information and facial recognition information. For specific authorization requirements, please refer to the "Facial Information Authorization Agreement" during the authorization process.
(2) When booking a domestic flight ticket (excluding Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan), you should provide at least the name of the passenger, type of identification, identification number, as well as the name, phone number, and email address of the contact person. When booking international and Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan tickets, you should provide at least the name, gender, nationality, date of birth, type of identification, identification number, expiration date, issuing location, contact person name, mobile phone number, and email address of the passenger. So that Fliggy and Fliggy platform merchants can provide you with flight booking, information notification, and subsequent refund and change services according to their respective responsibilities.
(3) When you book a bus ticket, you should at least provide the name of the passenger, ID card number, and the name and mobile phone number of the ticket collector, so that Feizhu and Feizhu platform merchants can provide you with bus ticket booking, information notification and subsequent return and change services according to their respective responsibilities.
(4) When booking domestic hotels (excluding Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan), you should provide at least the name and contact phone number of the guest. When booking international and Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan hotels, you should provide at least the name, contact phone number, and email address of the guest. If you purchase cancellation insurance products separately when booking a hotel, you agree that Fliggy will obtain your policy claim information from the insurance product provider in order to provide you with policy inquiry and claim tracking services. So that Fliggy and Fliggy platform merchants can provide you with hotel booking, information notification, and subsequent refund and change services according to their respective responsibilities. In addition, some overseas hotels do not support Alipay payment, so you need to provide the credit card number, credit card type, credit card validity period, credit card verification code, and the name of the card holder to guarantee or pay for the hotel reservation.
(5) When booking tickets for scenic spots, you need to provide at least the name, ID type and ID number, and contact information of the ticket collector, so that Fliggy and Fliggy platform merchants can provide you with ticket booking and information notification services according to their respective responsibilities. In addition, in order to facilitate your quick ticket verification and entry into the park, some scenic spots have opened a "face recognition entry" service. If you choose to enter the park in this way, you need to authorize the provision of your facial recognition information. For specific authorization requirements, please refer to the "Facial Information Authorization Agreement and Authorization Statement" during the authorization process.
(6) When using the online visa service, you need to provide the contact person's name, phone number, and email address. At the same time, you need to upload all the materials required for visa application (such as household registration book, bank statements, marriage certificate) to the Fliggy platform. The specific materials required for visa application depend on the requirements of the embassy or consulate you choose.
When using visa services other than online visas, you only need to provide the contact person's name and phone number. The required documents for the visa will be provided directly to the merchant according to your agreement with the specific merchant.
(7) When you use customized travel, independent travel, and group tour services, depending on the type of service, you may need to provide different types of information, including the traveler's name, ID type and ID number, contact person's name and phone number, email, gender, and age.
If you need to provide necessary information to complete the booking of goods or services, please refer to the prompts or authorized content in the booking process for details. Please read carefully.
The traveler information, contact information, and mailing address provided in the above services will be automatically stored as your commonly used information. You can also choose to save the invoice information you provided as your commonly used information, so that you can directly choose to use it for your next booking without filling it out again. You can view and update the aforementioned information at any time in the Fliggy App - "My" - "Common Information".
Please note that when filling in the information of the traveler or contact person, in order to reduce the trouble of inputting, Fliggy also provides a way to enter information by taking ID photos. If you choose this method to enter personal information, Fliggy will also obtain the ID information of you or other travelers and/or contacts you provide.
You can book goods or services for others through Fliggy, and you need to provide the information of the actual traveler according to the prompts. Before providing information about the actual traveler/passenger to Fliggy, you must ensure that you have obtained their consent and that they are aware of and accept this privacy policy.
（4） Assist you in completing the payment
When you purchase goods or services, in order to assist you in completing or representing others in completing order payments and smoothly receiving the purchased goods or services, we or third parties providing services will collect your order information and delivery information. For specific content, please refer to "III. Partners involved in data use and transfer/disclosure of personal information - (1) Partners involved in data use -5. Cooperation scenarios -1) Implementation of business functions - A. Payment services/B. Logistics services" in this policy.
You can view the Alipay account information bound to your Taobao platform account or apply for changing the bound Alipay account.
It should be noted that when you use a payment account for transactions, the third party providing payment services needs to verify your identity to ensure the security of your account and funds. The third party on the Fliggy platform may provide you with multiple authentication methods, which can be completed through static passwords, SMS verification codes, or biometric information (facial recognition features or fingerprints); When the security risk level increases, the third party may prompt you to re verify. The aforementioned information belongs to you
If you do not agree to provide the aforementioned personal sensitive information, the transaction may not be completed, but it does not affect your use of other services we provide. To ensure a safer and more convenient use of payment services, if both your device and the Fliggy app version support fingerprint or facial ID functions, you can choose to use fingerprint payment or facial ID payment services. You need to enter your fingerprint or facial ID information on your device, and when you make fingerprint or facial ID payments, you need to complete information verification on your device. Third parties providing payment services only receive verification results and do not collect your fingerprint or facial ID information. If you do not want to use fingerprint verification or facial ID verification, you can still pay through other methods. If you no longer need to use fingerprint payment or facial ID payment services, you can turn off this feature through "Settings - Facial ID/Fingerprint and Password" on your device or "My - Settings - Biopayment" on the Fliggy app.
（5） Assist in delivering goods or services to you
When you purchase goods or services, in order to assist you in completing or representing others in completing order payments and smoothly receiving the purchased goods or services, we or third parties providing services will collect your order information and delivery information. For specific content, please refer to "III. Partners involved in data use and transfer/disclosure of personal information - (1) Partners involved in data use -5. Cooperation scenarios -1) Implementation of business functions - A. Payment services/B. Logistics services" in this policy.
You can view the Alipay account information bound to your Taobao platform account or apply for changing the bound Alipay account.
（5） Assist in delivering goods or services to you
（6） Customer service and dispute resolution
When you contact us or apply for after-sales service or dispute resolution, in order to ensure the security of your account and system, we need you to provide necessary personal information to verify your membership status.
In order to facilitate contact with you, assist you in resolving issues as soon as possible, or record the solutions and results of related issues, we may save your communication/call records and related content with us (including account information, order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you leave). If you have inquiries, complaints, or suggestions regarding specific orders, we will use your account information and order information.
In order to provide services and improve service quality, we may also use your other information, including the relevant information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send us when participating in surveys.
We will use deep learning technology to provide you with intelligent Q&A conversations, intelligent voice customer service, and perform de identification processing on your communication, communication/call records, and related content with us. If we cannot identify your identity, we will use it for training intelligent customer service algorithm models. During the period when you receive intelligent customer service, we will provide you with significant reminders. We will continuously improve the service quality of our intelligent customer service based on your usage records.
（7） We provide you with the function of publicly publishing information
, evaluation, comment
When you leave a review of the traded goods and/or services, we will collect and display your review content (including your posted text and images) and avatar on the store's "Baby Reviews" list and/or public pages such as the Fliggy platform homepage and browsing. If you choose anonymous evaluation, your avatar will not be displayed to the public and the evaluation content will not be displayed on the public page.
When you comment on reviews and content posted by other users, your profile picture, nickname, and comment content will be publicly displayed.
You can use the "Ask Everyone" function to ask questions to purchased users. As a purchasing user, you may receive invitations randomly pushed by the system to answer questions from other users. When you choose to ask or answer, your Q&A content and avatar will be publicly displayed.
Content release
2. Content Release
When you edit and publish content, your avatar, nickname, published text, images, associated links, location, and related comments and interactive information will be collected and may be selected for display on public pages such as the homepage and browsing. At the same time, we will request that you authorize camera, album, audio, video, microphone, and/or location permissions based on the type of functionality you use. If you do not agree or cancel the authorization, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions.
Please note that the information you publicly release may involve personal information or even sensitive personal information of yourself or others, such as uploading images containing personal information when evaluating. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services. If the information you publicly release involves personal information of children, you need to obtain authorization and consent from the guardians of the children involved before publishing. In the aforementioned circumstances, guardians have the right to contact us through the channels specified in Article 8 of this policy to request correction or deletion of content related to children's personal information.
（8） Interactive communication
Message notification
1. Message notification
We may send you one or more types of notifications, such as service notifications, identity verification, security verification, and user experience research, through the contact information you provide during the use of our products and/or services (such as contact phone number, contact email). We may also send commercial information and other product or service information about services, features, or activities that you may be interested in through text messages or pop ups. If you do not wish to receive our commercial information and other product or service information, you can unsubscribe or close it through the unsubscribe methods provided in SMS, email, or by directly contacting our customer service. If you wish to close the pop-up push message, you can also close it through the "Skip" button or related buttons on the pop-up page.
We will push platform notifications (such as transaction logistics, activity discounts, interactive messages, service notifications) to you through the client "Messages". You can choose to turn on/off Feizhu's notification permissions on your device through "Settings - Notifications and Status Bar - Feizhu Travel".
In addition, when you initiate customer service inquiries or engage in transactions or interactions with the store (such as subscribing or joining the store as a member), you will receive a message in the "Message" section
For customer service messages of the store, you can enter the chat page of the corresponding store to set it to be undisturbed.
Interaction with family and friends
2. Interaction with family and friends
You can add friends independently by scanning the QR code or Taobao password, or we can recommend friends/potential acquaintances to you based on your authorized phone number, address book permissions, mutual friends, and interactive behaviors (ordering, paying, sharing, following) with other users after you enable "friend recommendation" authorization.
Activity participation
3. Activity participation
When you participate in our marketing activities, we may need to collect and use your relevant personal information (including but not limited to your nickname, avatar, contact information, shipping information, order information, browsing history, and Fliggy membership level) to help you register for activities, draw prizes, and redeem prizes. We will inform you of the specific scope of collection and use in relevant scenarios and obtain your consent.
If the relevant activities are jointly organized by us and affiliated companies or third parties, we will share necessary information with the affiliated company or third party after obtaining your consent, or bind your Taobao account with the affiliated company or third-party platform account, and/or synchronize your participation account and participation progress information among multiple participating platforms to ensure that you receive consistent and complete services during the activities.
In addition, we may use your relevant information obtained through the activity for the development and improvement of products and/or services, comprehensive statistics, data analysis or processing, or other purposes with your consent.
Share and interact
4. Share and interact
When you share or receive shared information or participate in activities, we will read the content of your clipboard to determine whether there are relevant passwords, sharing codes, links, in order to achieve jump, share, and activity linkage functions or services. However, we only upload the clipboard content to our server when we locally recognize that it belongs to instructions such as Fliggy jump, share, and activity linkage. We will not collect or store other information from your clipboard, and individual clipboard information cannot identify your personal identity. At the same time, we may need to access your phone's photo album for you to share or receive the shared pictures or videos.
（9） To provide you with security protection
In order to fulfill our legal obligations to ensure the security of e-commerce transactions, improve the security of your use of our and our affiliated companies and partners' services, protect the personal and property safety, property safety, account safety, and transaction safety of you or other users or the public, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or relevant agreement rules of the Fliggy platform, we embed the application security SDK developed by our affiliated companies in the application program. During your use of the app, we actively collect your device information, service log information, and may use or integrate your membership information, transaction information, device information, relevant network logs, as well as our affiliated companies Partners obtain information authorized by you or shared in accordance with the law (among which, we may actively collect WLAN MAC addresses, IMEI, and other device identifiers for risk verification during the operation of the application backend), to comprehensively assess your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law.
To protect your personal information, we provide mobile phone number privacy protection services for some of your orders. Through this service, the mobile phone number you filled in for this type of order will be hidden and converted into a virtual number provided to the merchant; After the merchant contacts you through a virtual number, you can also use a direct callback method to contact the merchant. The merchant cannot view your mobile phone number; However, if you call the merchant's phone number through the order management page or provide your phone number during the call, the merchant can still obtain your phone number from this. When your order of this type enters the actual fulfillment stage, your mobile phone number will be displayed to the merchant for them to provide you with services. To ensure the quality of merchant service and improve the service experience, your call information with the merchant through this service may be recorded. Due to factors such as network status and call environment, we cannot guarantee that some or all of the recordings will be accurate or clear. We only use these recorded information within the scope permitted by applicable laws, regulations, business rules/agreements. At the same time, we will effectively protect information security: 1) Merchants cannot download, retrieve, or play recordings on their own; 2) We will not provide information to external third parties unless authorized authorities lawfully retrieve it through legal procedures or obtain legal documents issued by public security and judicial organs in accordance with the law; 3) Only store recordings within the shortest necessary period specified by applicable laws, except for those that are continued to be stored to protect the legitimate interests of the recorded party or based on other compliance requirements.
（10） Provide you with additional services
Additional services based on system permissions
In order to provide you with more convenient, high-quality, and personalized products and/or services, and strive to enhance your experience, we may collect and use your personal information in the following additional services provided to you. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of the basic business functions of the Fliggy platform (except for the necessary operating system permissions that the basic business functions rely on), but you may not be able to obtain the user experience that these additional services bring to you. You can check the status of the above permissions item by item in your device settings or Fliggy client's "My Settings Privacy System Permissions", and you can decide whether to turn these permissions on or off at any time.
Please note that by granting any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services. Once you close any permission, it means that you have cancelled the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to that permission. However, your decision to disable permissions will not affect the information collection and use previously conducted based on your authorization.
How do we use cookies and similar technologies
Information identification technology with similar equipment is widely used in the Internet. When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device (as follows)
Cookies, abbreviated as "cookies," are used to collect, identify, and store information about your access to and use of this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies mainly to ensure the security and efficient operation of our products and services. They allow us to confirm the security status of your account and transactions, investigate related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays, and help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling out forms and entering search content.
You can click here to view the application permission application and usage instructions.
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and similar device information identification technology are widely used in the Internet. When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") to your device to collect, identify, and store information about your access to and use of this product. We promise not to use cookies for any purposes other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies mainly to ensure the security and efficient operation of our products and services. They allow us to confirm the security status of your account and transactions, investigate related abnormal situations such as crashes and delays, and help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling out forms and entering search content.
At the same time, we may use cookies to display information or features that you may be interested in and optimize your advertising choices. Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You can perform corresponding data clearing operations, or modify the acceptance level of cookies or refuse our cookies. You may not be able to use services or corresponding functions that rely on cookies due to these modifications.
（11） Other rules for collecting and using personal information
If the information you provide contains personal information of other users, you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing us with this personal information.
If we use the information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or use the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your consent in advance.
Under the premise of strict de identification through secure encryption technology and inability to re identify specific individuals, we will use the collected data for machine learning, algorithm model training, or other data analysis and mining processing to better ensure our product experience and assist in business decision analysis. You can
3、 Partners involved in the use of data, as well as the transfer and disclosure of personal information
（1） Partners involved in the use of data
Basic principles
When we cooperate with our partners, we will adhere to the following principles:
The principle of legality, legitimacy, and minimum necessity: Data processing should have a legal basis, a legitimate purpose, and be limited to the minimum scope of achieving the processing purpose.
The principle of maximizing users' right to know and decision-making: fully respect users' right to know and decision-making regarding the processing of their personal information during the data processing process.
The principle of strongest security guarantee capability: We will take necessary measures to ensure the security of the personal information processed, carefully evaluate the purpose of data use by our partners, comprehensively assess their security guarantee capabilities, and require them to comply with the relevant requirements of the cooperation agreement.
You can click here to view our data partner information.
Scope of cooperation partners
If the specific functions and scenarios involve services provided by our affiliates or third parties, the scope of cooperation includes our affiliates and third parties.
Entrusted processing
We may entrust authorized partners to process your personal information in order to provide certain services or perform functions on our behalf. We will only entrust them to process your information for the legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes stated in this policy statement. Authorized partners can only access the information they need to perform their duties,
And we will require them through an agreement not to use this information for any other purposes beyond the scope of the commission. If authorized partners use your information for purposes that we have not delegated, they will obtain your consent separately.
Joint processing
For the scenario of jointly processing personal information, we will sign relevant agreements with our partners in accordance with legal provisions and agree on their respective rights and obligations, ensuring compliance with legal provisions and protection of data security in the process of using relevant personal information.
Collaboration Scenarios
）To achieve business functions
A. Payment
To complete order payment, you need to bind your Alipay account and select a payment method. We will share your Taobao platform account member name, the corresponding Alipay account member name, order number, transaction time, transaction partner, transaction commodity, order transaction amount, order status, order security related equipment information and other necessary information required by anti money laundering laws with Alipay through the Alipay Software Tool Development Kit (SDK) embedded in the application. If you choose to have other financial institutions provide payment services for you, we will also share your necessary bank card payment information, including bank card number, expiration date, and account holder name, with the corresponding financial institution you have chosen.
You can request others to pay for you, then you need to provide the Alipay account and/or mobile phone number of the payer.
In order to let us know and confirm your payment progress and status in a timely manner, and provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, you agree that we can collect information related to the payment progress from the trading partner you choose, Alipay or other payment institutions you choose.
B. Logistics
If the goods or services purchased through the Fliggy platform need to be mailed (such as invoices, tickets), in order to ensure the smooth, safe, and accurate delivery of your purchased goods and/or services, we will disclose the relevant delivery information of the order to Zhejiang Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd., which provides logistics information systems and technical services for the Fliggy platform, and synchronize the relevant delivery information with the corresponding logistics delivery entity according to the designated goods and/or service provider. You acknowledge and agree that the corresponding logistics delivery entity inevitably obtains and uses your delivery information for the purpose of completing the delivery.
To make us
Timely obtain and confirm delivery progress and status, provide after-sales and dispute resolution services to you, and you agree that we may collect and deliver progress related information from logistics related service providers.
Advertising and Analytics Services
We will entrust our partners to handle information related to advertising placement, coverage, and effectiveness, while adopting industry standard security technologies. We will not entrust your personal identification information to our partners for processing.
Security and Statistical Analysis
A. Ensuring Security of Use: We attach great importance to the security of our products and/or services. In order to protect your legitimate rights and interests from illegal infringement, our partners may use necessary equipment, accounts, and log information.
B. Analyzing product situation: In order to analyze the stability of Fliggy products and/or services, partners providing analysis services may need to use service situation, equipment identification information, and overall application installation and usage information.
C. Academic research: In order to enhance research capabilities in related fields and promote technological development, we may use de identified or anonymized data with our partners (such as research institutes and universities) while ensuring data security and legitimate purposes.
Other cooperation scenarios
In addition to the above-mentioned cooperation scenarios, we may also entrust information to other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing the usage of our services, providing merchant membership services, or other customer services on our behalf.
To ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our client, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and features, our application will embed SDK or other similar applications from authorized partners. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and SDKs used by authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with authorized partners on strict data protection measures to process personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Except for authorized partners who obtain your consent separately.
You can click to view the details of the SDK we have integrated.
（2） Transfer
If we need to transfer personal information due to merger, division, dissolution, or bankruptcy, we will inform you of the recipient's name or contact information. The recipient will continue to fulfill this policy and other legal obligations. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose or method, they will obtain your consent again.
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following situations:
1. Based on your voluntary choice and other separate consent, we may publicly disclose your personal information;
2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated the relevant agreement rules of the Fliggy platform, or to protect the personal and property safety of our affiliated company users or the public from infringement, we may disclose your personal information, including related violations and measures we have taken against you, with your consent in accordance with laws and regulations or Fliggy platform related agreement rules.
（4） Stop operation
If we cease to operate our products and/or services, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information. We will notify you one by one or send you a notice in the form of an announcement to stop operating, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold related to the discontinued products and/or services.
（5） Exemption from obtaining your authorization and consent in accordance with the law
Please understand that in the following situations, according to laws, regulations, and national standards, the use of your personal information by our partners, or our transfer or disclosure, does not require your authorization and consent:
1. To enter into and fulfill the contract to which you are a party, it is necessary for you to purchase goods or book services through Fliggy. Based on your choice, we will share the necessary information related to the transaction in your order information with the merchant or the actual service provider of the relevant goods and services to fulfill your needs for purchasing goods or booking services from them, and to enable them to complete subsequent after-sales services. You can check the information on the business license or electronic link identification of the business license of the provider of the relevant goods and services engaged in business activities on the main page to identify the identity of your trading partner.
2. Necessary for fulfilling legal duties or obligations: We may share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations, necessary for resolving litigation disputes, or as required by administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the law, as well as other necessary for fulfilling legal obligations.
3. It is necessary to respond to sudden public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations.
4. Implement news reporting and public opinion supervision for the public interest, and handle personal information within a reasonable range.
5. Process your self disclosed personal information within a reasonable range, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legal news reports and government information disclosure channels).
6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
4、 Storage of Information
（1） Storage period
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law.
For example, the Electronic Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China requires that information on goods and services, as well as transaction information, be kept for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction; The Civil Code stipulates that the statute of limitations for filing a lawsuit to protect civil rights with a people's court is three years.
We determine the storage period of personal information mainly based on the following criteria:
To complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain corresponding transaction and business records, and respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
Do you agree to a longer retention period;
Is there any other special agreement or legal regulation regarding the retention period.
After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws.
（2） Storage location
In principle, personal information generated or collected within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. We will only provide your personal information to overseas parties for the purpose necessary to fulfill our contract with you or for other legitimate processing reasons. For example: 1) If you choose
To conduct transactions with merchants on the Fliggy International platform, we will transmit the necessary transaction information to the Fliggy International platform; 2) As a party, if you purchase international air tickets or book international hotels through the Fliggy platform, we or our merchants will transmit your booking information to overseas airlines and hotels; 3) You apply to become a member of a Chinese overseas entity through the Fliggy platform, and we will transfer the identity information you used for registration to the Chinese overseas entity.
Such overseas countries/regions may have different data protection laws, and may not even have relevant laws in place. In such cases, we will evaluate and make every effort to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with the requirements of Chinese law. For example, regularly evaluating the security capabilities of audit recipients and signing data processing agreements/terms.
If we need to transfer your personal information overseas due to business needs, we will comply with laws and regulations and the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities. In the relevant service agreement or specific function page authorization agreement, we will inform you of the name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method, type of personal information of the overseas recipient, as well as the ways and procedures for you to exercise relevant rights to the overseas recipient, and obtain your separate consent (if applicable). Before providing your personal information overseas, we will conduct security assessments, obtain personal information protection certification from professional organizations, or sign standard contracts with overseas recipients in accordance with the national cyberspace administration to meet the legal conditions for providing personal information overseas.
（3） Storage Security
Data protection technology measures
We have taken security measures that comply with industry standards and are reasonable and feasible to protect your information, preventing unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, when exchanging data between your browser and server, it is protected by SSL protocol encryption; We also provide HTTPS protocol secure browsing for the Fliggy website; We will use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information; We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. At present, our important information systems have passed the third level or above evaluation of network security protection and ISO27001 certification.
Organizational measures for data protection management
We have established an advanced data security management system in the industry, with data as the core and centered around the data lifecycle, to enhance the security of personal information from the dimensions of organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We have established a dedicated department for personal information protection. We will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
We have designated a dedicated person to be responsible for the protection of children's information, strictly set information access permissions, adopt the principle of minimum sufficient authorization for staff who may come into contact with children's information, and take technical measures to record and control the handling of children's information by staff, in order to avoid illegal copying and downloading of children's personal information.
Prevention of Account Security Risks
When using Fliggy services for online transactions, it is inevitable for you to disclose your personal information to the counterparty or potential counterparty, such as the name, contact information, or address of the traveler. In addition, you can also establish communication, exchange information or refine content with third parties through our services. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. Do not trust other trading tools to avoid information theft or even telecom fraud.
If you are concerned about the leakage of your personal information, especially your account or password, please immediately contact Alibaba 110 for complaint reporting or contact Fliggy customer service, so that we can take corresponding measures according to your application. You can also independently manage devices, maintain accounts, lock accounts, and submit fraud complaints and reports in "My Settings Account and Security Security Security Center".
Response to Personal Information Security Incidents
If our physical, technological, or management protective facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, which damages your legitimate rights and interests, we will promptly activate emergency plans and take reasonable and necessary measures to minimize the impact on you as much as possible. If a personal information security incident occurs, we will also inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you through email, letter, phone, and push notifications. If it is difficult to inform individual information subjects one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.
5、 Your rights
You can access and manage your information through the following methods, and we will respond to your requests in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements:
（1） Review, Correction, and Supplement
You have the right to inquire, correct or supplement your information:
1. Log in to the Fliggy website, enter the "My Taobao" homepage, click on personal account settings to query and correct personal information and personal account related information;
Log in to the Fliggy mobile app and enter "My Settings" to query, correct, or supplement personal information and bound mobile information;
Log in to the Fliggy website and contact customer service through the service center, or log in to the Fliggy mobile app and select "My Customer Service Contact Customer Service" (7 * 24 hours) to seek help in querying, correcting, or supplementing your information.
（2） Copy
You can copy your information in the following ways:
1. You can copy your personal information by searching through the path listed in "(1) View, Correction, and Supplement".
（3） Delete
You can delete some of your information or cancel your account to delete all of your information through the methods listed in "(1) Review, Correction, and Supplement".
In the following situations, you can log in to the mobile Fliggy client and select "My Customer Service Contact Customer Service" to request us to delete your personal information:
a、 If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
b、 If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent;
c、 If our handling of personal information seriously violates our agreement with you;
d、 If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
e、 If we permanently cease to provide you with products or services, or if the retention period has expired.
If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the subjects who have obtained your personal information from us as much as possible, requesting them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, or these subjects have obtained your independent authorization.
When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable legal requirements or security technology reasons, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until it can be cleared or anonymized when the backup is updated.
（4） Change or withdraw the scope of your authorized consent
You can change or revoke the scope of your authorization for us to collect and process your personal information through the following methods:
1. Manage the system permission authorization used by the app in "My Settings Privacy System Permission Management".
For authorizations that cannot be directly set up through the above methods, you can modify them by logging into the mobile Fliggy client and selecting "My Customer Service Contact Customer Service". However, please note that for some types of personal information, such as information necessary to implement basic functions of the Fliggy platform or information necessary for us to fulfill legal obligations, we may not be able to respond to your request to change the scope of authorization. After you withdraw your authorization, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. But your decision to revoke authorization will not affect the personal information processing we have previously carried out based on your authorization.
（5） Cancel account
You can apply to cancel your account through the following methods:
1. Log in to the Fliggy mobile app and submit an account cancellation request through "My Settings Account and Security Cancel Account";
2. Log in to the Fliggy website and select "Contact Customer Service", or log in to the Fliggy mobile app and select "My Customer Service Contact Customer Service" (7 * 24 hours) to seek help and assist you in applying to cancel your account.
After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will cease to provide you with products or services, delete your personal information as required by applicable laws, or anonymize it. If it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will anonymize it or cease processing other than storage and necessary security measures, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
（6） Constrained information system automatic decision-making
In certain business functions, we may make decisions solely based on non manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us through customer service.
（7） In response to your above request
For you or your potential guardians, close relatives, and other authorized parties who make the above requests to us, as well as your relevant personal information rights under the laws of the People's Republic of China and other applicable laws, you can contact us through Fliggy customer service or directly file a complaint with our personal information protection department. We will provide a response within 15 days.
To ensure safety, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may first require you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We will provide a response within 15 days. If you are not satisfied, you can also file a complaint through Fliggy customer service.
For your reasonable requests, we generally do not charge any fees, but for requests that are repeated multiple times or exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain fee depending on the situation. We may refuse requests that are not directly related to your identity, have no reasonable grounds for repeated applications, require excessive technical means (such as developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic.
6、 Protection of Minors
We assume that you have the corresponding capacity for civil conduct in e-commerce activities. If you are a minor, we request that you ask your parents or other guardians to carefully read this privacy policy and use our services or provide information to us with their consent.
If you are a child under the age of 14, before using our services, you and your guardian should carefully read our specially formulated "Fliggy Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice" to ensure that you can only use our services under the guidance of your guardian after obtaining their consent to the "Fliggy Children's Personal Information Protection Rules and Guardian Notice", to ensure your safety when using our services and conducting transactions.
If you are the parent or other guardian of a child, please pay attention to whether the child under your guardianship is using our services with your authorized consent. If you have any questions about the personal information of the child you are monitoring, please contact us through the contact information provided in Section 8.
7、 Policy updates
To provide you with a better product and/or service experience, we continuously strive to improve our products, services, and technology. When there are new services and business changes, we may update our privacy policy and remind you of the updated content through internal messages or other appropriate means, so that you can keep up with the latest version of this privacy policy in a timely manner.
But without your explicit consent, we will not restrict the rights you are entitled to under this privacy policy. We will post any changes made to the privacy policy on a dedicated page. For significant changes, we will provide more prominent notifications (including notifying you through Fliggy public announcements or even providing you with internal messages or pop-up prompts), and obtain your consent in accordance with relevant legal requirements.
The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone significant changes. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, and the way in which personal information is used;
2. We have undergone significant changes in control. Changes in ownership caused by mergers and acquisitions;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;
4. There has been a significant change in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it;
5. When the responsible department, contact information, and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates the presence of high risks.
We will also archive the old version of this privacy policy on the Fliggy dedicated page for your reference.
8、 Contact Us
You can contact us through the following methods, and we will reply to your request within 15 days:
1. If you have any questions, opinions or suggestions regarding the content of this policy or children's personal information, you can contact us through Feizhu customer service (Feizhu client - 【 My 】 - 【 My Customer Service 】);
2. If you find that personal information may be leaked, you can file a complaint or report through Alibaba 110;
3. We have also established a dedicated department for personal information protection, which you can access through fliggyPIP@service.alibaba.com Contact them (please indicate that it is related to the Fliggy platform and provide specific factual information) at the legal service desk on the first floor of Building 4, 969 Wenyi West Road, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City. Please note that we may not respond to questions unrelated to this policy or your personal information rights.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit with the court with jurisdiction over the defendant's domicile.
Appendix: Relevant Definitions
Fliggy Platform: Refers to Fliggy
Feizhu: Refers to Hangzhou Taomei Aviation Service Co., Ltd. (registered address: Room 201, 2nd Floor, Building 4, No. 969 Wenyi West Road, Wuchang Street, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province) and Zhejiang Feizhu Network Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address: Room J01, mezzanine, Building 5, No. 969 Wenyi West Road, Wuchang Street, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province), the network and software technology service providers of Feizhu platform.
Fliggy International Platform: refers to the Fliggy International website (domain name Fliggy.hk or other URLs adjusted by the platform operator based on actual business) and software.
Fliggy International:
Related companies: Refers to the affiliated companies of Fliggy disclosed in the latest annual report of Alibaba Group Holding Limited.
personal information:
Children: Refers to minors under the age of fourteen.
Personal sensitive information: Personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, can easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or endanger their personal and property safety, including biometric identification, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health information, financial accounts, tracking information, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Personal information deletion:
Ele.me platform:
Equipment information:
Service log information:
De identification:
Anonymization: refers to the process in which personal information cannot be identified as a specific natural person and cannot be restored after processing.
Unless otherwise agreed, the definitions used in this policy have the same meaning as those in the Taobao Platform Service Agreement.
